
URL: https://youtu.be/THIK5QOmCsk
Title: Benefits are solid, come join!
Transcript:
start is hiring for a number of software
engineering roles mid-level up to
distinguished also some analysts and
product roles check out upstart.com
career open roles and reach out to me on
LinkedIn if you're a match for one of
these

URL: https://youtu.be/6C9JsyfDBe8
Title: What kind of projects should you build? Pt 1/3
Transcript:
so if you're interested in coding
building projects is a really good idea
whether you're trying to learn a new
skill or grow your portfolio but what
kind of projects should you build
there's a few different kinds the first
one is a basic boring pet project on
screen here you can see pros and cons to
this kind of project follow for the
other two

URL: https://youtu.be/Grptb4MVpEE
Title: Specific advice to help you land a coding role in under 25 min
Transcript:
today we are reacting to developer
roadmaps roadmap.sh this is the sixth
most starved project on GitHub uh where
do you go through it step by step and
compare it to laterally
by the way here's laterally laterally as
an open source learning uh like
educational system
so kind of an alternative to free code
Camp the first impression is that
there's way too much here if someone
asks you hey I'd like to learn to code
what should I do sending them here
would seem to be confusing what I would
prefer instead is right out of the gate
it should suggest a path I recommend you
learn react not Python and that is a
stepping stone towards becoming a full
stack developer

URL: https://youtu.be/GHIdmnrBewA
Title: Thank you and of and ‚ù§Ô∏è you are champions of
Transcript:
I just want to give a shout out to the
Coffee Bean to Starbucks to Pete's and
to all the mom and pop coffee shops out
there with free Wi-Fi that make Nomad
lifestyle possible for developers really
supporting the developer culture

URL: https://youtu.be/KR6_gfwkql0
Transcript:
High turnover is preventable which one
would be the biggest for you I picked
growth opportunities and it ended up
winning claiming growth opportunities is
actually a major key because it
summarizes everything else together I
think growth means at least three things
one is your Tech skills two is your
prestigure level three is salary or TC

URL: https://youtu.be/yxIsxF8tbVM
Transcript:
networking tip here is a LinkedIn direct
messaging template from Austin he used
this to land his current role I think
it's pretty good the only part I would
change is the part I highlighted
interested in your story sounds too
generic instead say interested to see
how it's worked for you at this company
as a boot camp grad

URL: https://youtu.be/MAge_YloPNU
Title: AWS Free Tier Trap!
Transcript:
Google provides a 90-day 300 free trial
AWS free tier also only lasts 12 months
after which you might get hit
surprisingly with a bill follow for part
two I'll show you some truly free
databases of service providers that I
use

URL: https://youtu.be/gYNrIaX0nk8
Title: Css turkey
Transcript:
I want to make a relevant addition to my
web portfolio and it's Thanksgiving so
let's make a turkey as a web developer I
know that a turkey will be drawn with
HTML and CSS so I Google CSS turkey I
found a few results and checked them out
but I'm really happy with the top result
so this is what it looks like so I copy
it and I put it in my GitHub portfolio
and deploy it to GitHub Pages at this
point it's basically someone else's work
which is not really a plagiarism issue
in programming it's just that it doesn't
demonstrate any of my skill so how can I
change this turkey this collection of
HTML elements in a way that demonstrates
my skill well I think the tips of the
feathers can change colors so I'll make
that Dynamic and add some JavaScript you
can't see it in this picture but the
eyes are doing this weird googly thing
I'll take that away because it's
annoying and then I can also add some
audio so when you click it I'll make it
squawk so here's the final result I live
coded the whole thing I'll put a link to
this and a link to the YouTube video in
the comments be sure to follow my page
if you want to learn to code you can
totally do it drop a comment if there's
anything I can answer for you

URL: https://youtu.be/Q3gDAH8R-xo
Title: developer soft skills üêê fr
Transcript:
okay so this is a communication
technique if I need to communicate
something to you and I'm worried that
you might take it in a negative way and
that's not my intent I'm going to make
really shorts surround it in positive
context to make it really clear to you
that I'm not trying to be critical or
negative I'm providing some feedback
that it might hurt but like my intent
here is good it's kind of the same idea
of constructive criticism as opposed to
like just being mean so it's a sandwich
because there's positive on both sides
of the feedback you deliver so for
example let's say I'm dealing with a
junior programmer and they wrote some
code it's just not good I'm not going to
say hey this code is just not good that
would be like mean and not really
helpful I'm going to start the
conversation in a positive way like hey
thanks for submitting this pull request
thanks for working so hard then I want
to point out what they can do better
let's try to phrase it in non-accusatory
neutral terms so instead of saying hey
you forgot to format your code I can say
I noticed the build is failing if you
run the formatter it'll probably pass
then finish out positive I'll be so glad
to approve and ship this when it's ready

URL: https://youtu.be/JwHWYK1zmP4
Title: Jewell MOOC vs Bootcamp vs Mentorship
Transcript:
what makes springboard and the code had
to be front in path better than the
laterally curriculum so I wouldn't say
that they're both better in general code
academy is a mooc that will have vastly
inferior learning and job placement
outcomes it's better for some people
because it's a lot cheaper the other
thing to note is that the laterally
curriculum treats codecademy as a
sub-module so if you participate in
laterally I will encourage you to
complete codecademy as a sub module of
laterally springboard on the other hand
is a more expensive option compared to
laterally again you can use them
together so laterally can be treated as
a supplement to springboard and also
springboard is much better recognition
among employers so I don't think that
any of these are necessarily better it
kind of depends on your personal
situation

URL: https://youtu.be/JdaTcDFxlak
Title: MGK React Coding Tattoo??
Transcript:
and number two we have emotional
slightly malnourishment okay hear me out
I think these are the same type of guy
you see MGK's throat I think he has a
react tattoo so this is the react logo
and the first guy was at a computer so I
think they're both web developers so new
reason to learn react you can be famous
like MGK

URL: https://youtu.be/nYR-pp5x7fw
Title: Starboi and The Book of Wins
Transcript:
Lord says be intentional when it comes
to seeking the challenging tasks and
opportunities where you can deliver a
win every good developer should keep a
book of wins I think it's great advice
and I recommend you organize your
stories about winning according to the
star or store method check out this open
source project that exists for just that
purpose

URL: https://youtu.be/4aAIPhmIW6M
Transcript:
the other reason to learn react not
python it's already familiar to you you
already probably know what a good
website looks like do you know what a
good application in Python even does
maybe you should just learn react not
python

URL: https://youtu.be/p1zOtG2mEWI
Title: 3-5 projects showing full stack
Transcript:
so for most people breaking an attack
here's my advice on projects you want
three projects four is even better five
your portfolio will be better but it's a
net loss on value of your job search
because you should be doing other things
like preparing for data structure and
algorithm interviews and social
networking instead of going for that
fifth project the three projects are all
blogs you're gonna do a vanilla blog a
react.js Blog and a typescript next blog
by doing the same project you get to
focus on learning the Technologies and
getting job ready which is actually more
important there is a substantial value
added to a fourth project which can be
your passion project so you're not just
building blogs there's something that
you have personal interest in but really
that's optional because even though
that's valuable there's other valuable
stuff you could be doing like social
networking and data structure and
interview prep make sure you deploy them
and you link them on your resume so that
a recruiter or someone scanning your
resume can click a link and use it as a
user most of these people screening your
resume are not going to browse deep in
your code it's going to be impressive
enough that the thing is deployed and
working hope this helps follow for more

URL: https://youtu.be/Vt1aKS720tg
Transcript:
three resources to help you crush those
nasty algorithm interviews we all know
Elite code you all should know about my
boy Clement's algo expert this is the
major key you didn't know about Real
rated interviews with Fang employees
algorithm behavioral and more

URL: https://youtu.be/wJXcgSXgcok
Title: What makes programming hard for beginners?
Transcript:
then I asked what makes programming hard
for beginners I said gatekeeping and
non-specific advice like the best
language depends if your goal is to land
a job as quickly as possible I strongly
recommend learning react but what would
you say in answer to this question

URL: https://youtu.be/Ao8njAd2cuM
Transcript:
so this is such a good question and it
actually turns out to be like a kind of
a verbose answer so I'm going to blurt
it out really quickly here and it might
not make sense but stay tuned to my
channel I'll do a three-part follow-up
on how to land an interview and how to
land an algorithm interview specifically
here's the super super short version one
blast out a ton of applications 50 to
100 per week for a minimum of four weeks
two make sure your LinkedIn is optimized
three social network and if you want a
social network with corporate recruiters
you want to apply in their system before
you network with them it makes it easier
for them
that's how you land an interview in
general tip number four for algorithm
interviews specifically is that is going
to depend on the company the companies
that tend to use algorithm interviews
are tier one companies like Google
Facebook and so forth as well as tier
one one of these they have their
recruiting model modeled off of tier one
companies even if they're not actually
tier one so if you want algorithm
interview specifically it's a matter of
targeting a company

URL: https://youtu.be/1RFZGUrxII0
Title: Solve Tech Chicken Egg Problem
Transcript:
to get a job you need experience to get
experience you need a job how do you
break out of the cycle in programming
the answer is straightforward you use a
portfolio of work github.com account is
free it's a must-have for developers to
prove your skill

URL: https://youtu.be/ZpubbVD-_1c
Title: üî• hot honey ‚òïÔ∏è latte
Transcript:
your team isn't ready this is a pour
over and your team is not ready for this
hot honey Poor Man's latte let me show
you how we do it gunfighter local
Virginia beans
froth up all that honey pouring it over
poor man latte let's go

URL: https://youtu.be/tLTwoKO2cXw
Transcript:
devilated thanks for the question I'll
pass you to a professional iOS Developer
for the answer this guy says I feel like
I've pigeonholed myself in iOS I teach
people that the fastest way to get a job
coding without a CS background is by
learning react so that would be web
development you can build react mobile
apps too

URL: https://youtu.be/vp2uPpLTZmY
Title: The Secret to Success in Web Development Revealed Start with JavaScript Not Python
Transcript:
answer is Javascript
learn react not python start with
JavaScript build a basic web page HTML
CSS and JavaScript
work with the Dom API and vanilla
JavaScript you're going to hate it
that's a good thing after you start
hating it use react you'll realize why
react is awesome because it abstracts
the Dom API for you you might not even
know what that means right now but if
you take that approach you'll really
appreciate what react does and then
switch into typescript as soon as you
can

URL: https://youtu.be/bi4P9Pw4gw0
Transcript:
background
[Music]
and she said

URL: https://youtu.be/pk2or9pCl0o
Title: 6x Cheaper than Midjourney!!
Transcript:
I cut my spinning on Mid journey by a
factor of six from 60 to 10 a month
because I needed Pro because I wanted
stealth because I don't want competitors
stealing my four commercial use images
with leonardo.ai I get privacy options
for 10 bucks a month and commercial use
check it out now

URL: https://youtu.be/iwrSacjFn-Q
Title: brace for lots of rejection letters
Transcript:
this commenter is so right thanks for
the comment this is kind of true for
college grads but it's really really
true for self-taught developers blast
out at least 50 applications every week
leverage services like the ladders to
help automate that by week six you
should have gotten several responses in
at least one fund screening

URL: https://youtu.be/UvUJ0ioOdHM
Title: 4 Benefits of Agency Recruitment
Transcript:
four reasons to consider working with a
recruiting agency like Apex systems or
Tech Systems I'm not sponsored access to
a pool of warm lead job opportunities
that are more likely to convert and may
have higher salary free courses during
your tenor free skill certification and
personal brand guidance

URL: https://youtu.be/uSyEfXCcS6A
Transcript:
tip three is just eat right here are
five things you can do in addition to
having a balanced diet I'm usually a fan
of intermittent fasting if you want to
maximize cognitive uptake this is not
the time to do that you want slightly
excess calories specifically with sugars
and Omega fatty acids

URL: https://youtu.be/8vozr9yONNU
Transcript:
Zach Golan thanks for the question I
tell people a minimum of two projects
the fact that you don't feel confident
is the test that you need a third ask
yourself why you don't feel confident
your next project should solve for that
also add some objective certifications
like LinkedIn skill assessment

URL: https://youtu.be/qfLlhKtujuc
Transcript:
basic get part one of two I think these
are the commands that you need to know
at a minimum let me know if you think I
missed any
follow for part two and part two I'll
tell you some get terms they're not
commands but they're terms you need to
know

URL: https://youtu.be/5MfMv_qaneg
Title: Give coding 3 tries imo; i didnt like it the first time but there are very different ways to code -
Transcript:
hey so if you never try it out how would
you know if you liked it or not so the
better advice would be try it out and if
you don't like it stop so I'm a
self-taught programmer I'm a career
switcher there's stress outside of
programming too y'all like work is
stressful
there's nothing wrong with working for
money that's kind of like the point

URL: https://youtu.be/K5dWlDH2oM4
Title: Scraping üëÆ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è police watch out!!
Transcript:
anonymized data from profile scraped on
LinkedIn includes 15 000 profiles
predominantly located in Australia it's
on kaggle from
press legal charges who are they going
to press it against I mean and what what
is the legal charge wouldn't they have
to demonstrate harm
your honor this man is contributing to
public research
kill him like what are they gonna do

URL: https://youtu.be/UZe0ZnasvGo
Title: Affordable Higher Education
Transcript:
you don't need a degree to get into Tech
but a degree will help you get hired
quicker and you might get slightly
higher pay so with a loan of price
there's a great return on investment
Guild education is working behind the
scenes to offer deep discount for
college even free college Target is
Guild's newest partner good job Target

URL: https://youtu.be/UoxVPjNU1cE
Transcript:
my one take away from the hundreds of
interviews I've conducted at Google
there isn't much intersection between
what businesses need and what the school
system teaches dot dot dot many less
successful candidates knew how to Ace
the interview Craig reminds us that
bombing an interview doesn't make you a
bad developer

URL: https://youtu.be/rfWTaDNtyCA
Transcript:
one of the hardest parts of learning to
code is picking up the vocabulary here
are several case namings camel cases for
ordinary JavaScript variables Pascal
case is used to name react components
classes and types Kebab case for CSS
classes in a case and SQL and Python's
screaming snake case for constants

URL: https://youtu.be/kUZp1vH8VSs
Title: Bro did u merge my rebase
Transcript:
sure don't make the body

URL: https://youtu.be/zPKsj9x0acY
Title: Leetcode: 14 Patterns
Transcript:
to support your algorithm interview prep
Danny boycode supports a great resource
the 14 patterns article wanted to pass
this on to the general audience it's on
hacker named top Google result I always
suggest three other resources leak code
algo expert and interviewing dot IO

URL: https://youtu.be/v2osALwpRHY
Title: Vue.js Portfolio: Open Source
Transcript:
stream recap just got done view JS how
to create a link tree-like portfolio
hosted completely free on GitHub Pages
previously did next JS sometimes I have
guests on come sub me on YouTube you can
drop anything in the chat and I'll
respond to your technical questions like
right there

URL: https://youtu.be/FhEmvQRz4iY
Title: EASY STEPS not really its actually tough but very pro
Transcript:
if you want a remote working job as a
programmer then you should be building
in public oh man I forgot to take the
zoom off building in public helps do
these three things which is going to
help you land a job ASAP but to get the
most value out of it you need to do
these three things and then you should
follow me and learn about stuff

URL: https://youtu.be/eZ-PkquBv8Y
Transcript:
git is an essential tool for developers
so I recommend you check out this
article if you're learning to code how
to structure an ideal git commit
following this pattern of atomic git
commits this approach has a number of
benefits my favorites are one and three

URL: https://youtu.be/b86qxm1yoHU
Title: good to clarify what we mean by vs traditional education like CS /
Transcript:
so this is a good call out there's
confusion around what it means to break
into Tech so this user is saying that
they got their first job intact as data
science and this is very doable and then
they went on to say that they have a
master's in data analytics so that's not
what breaking into Tech is breaking into
tech means you are outside of tech
you're an outsider you have an
alternative education and alternative
pathway into Tech if you have a master's
degree in data analytics this is the
traditional route so you're not breaking
into that you're just a party impact
um so yeah uh you can totally have a
data science role as your first job it's
not the most common thing to do like
data analytics business analytics
product analysis these are are more
common but you could go straight into
data science if you have an advanced
degree like a master's in stats or
whatever as mentioned

URL: https://youtu.be/2TsRXGdtHKU
Title: Economics to Programming Transition
Transcript:
thanks for the question there's a few
ways to answer this question one way is
just you do the normal way forget that
you're an economist and you learn to
code like everybody else
in that case I learned I recommend you
learn HTML CSS JavaScript and react then
maybe typescript if you go that way
you'll probably be able to start coding
as your job in like six months building
websites I'm not sure are you American
citizen because that is going to impact
how much you can get paid and things
like that in US you would probably make
like at least 60 Grand doing that now if
you are an economist then there are some
more interesting things you could do the
question is how much experience do you
have and do you have a background in
statistics so if you're an economist
with couple years of experience I'm
expecting you can do statistics with at
least Excel if not stata or SPSS and
hopefully you have some data
visualization skills maybe you know
Tableau for example in this case
learning python would be a smart idea
for you you can probably even use python
in your current role for statistics then
you can also get a data engineering role
if you want to make a slow and steady
transition you could get a job as a
business analyst

URL: https://youtu.be/bbRq8PZZcqk
Title: Learn HTML pt 2/5
Transcript:
learn HTML part 205 let's talk about
semantic tags semantic HTML code with
India she's pretty cool go check out her
Channel I am going to put her on blast
though because she has an anti-pattern
on screen it's worth it for you to look
through one of these supposedly
comprehensive eight plus hour videos and
try to spot a dozen issues if they are a
YouTube expert with over a hundred
thousand subscribers and you can look
through their video and find a dozen
issues that's a pretty good sign that
you know what you're talking about so
that's a good check anyway B is an
example of an anti-pattern it's supposed
to be bold but it's not descriptive it's
not semantic what does semantic mean
semantic means it describes itself using
natural language B doesn't do that what
does B mean instead use the strong tag
another benefit of strong over bold is
that strong is implementation agnostic
so a screen reader can read a strong tag
and choose to implement strong text as a
louder voice bold is fairly specific to
font styling so it's not transferable so
that's the point of semantic tags
they're descriptive article section
footer those are some other logical
blocks and consumers can use them as
they see fit like Google search results

URL: https://youtu.be/OCfSqYSSJhY
Title: Don't Gatekeep Programming
Transcript:
this is called gatekeeping and it's bad
so let's remember that you can get a job
as an engineer or even a senior engineer
with just JavaScript incremental
adoption of types into typescript from
JavaScript is great for learning great
for Quality great for bug prevention
just let it be

URL: https://youtu.be/nE2eUl7tarA
Title: How to spot a solid bootcamp?
Transcript:
check out this paper free on ssrn that I
wrote higher ability and educational
Prestige here I use coursereport.com
data to show that the boot camps which
are competitive with a college degree
need to have more than 4.5 out of 5
stars and over 100 reviews

URL: https://youtu.be/Ia1k_rP8q50
Title: Why Coursera?
Transcript:
the course in front of us is the single
best starting point based on evidence as
of June 2023 follow the page I'll give a
bunch of evidence on this one piece of
evidence is the interviewing dot IO
analysis of certs Coursera came in
second to Triple bite but for now triple
bite is unavailable so for now prefer
Coursera

URL: https://youtu.be/w05jEYLwUM8
Title: u ok? What's up w this?
Transcript:
I did a periodic check-in on job count
by skill at first glance these skills
are down 50 year over year but at Second
Glance I think indeed search might be
like busted right now this job
description has those keywords nowhere
in it

URL: https://youtu.be/hjYMng65R3o
Title: ADDICTED TO LEETCODE?
Transcript:
are you toxically addicted to Lee code
maybe you're awesome at Lee code but
still struggle to find a job this
article published today has some advice
for you LinkedIn in the comments but
basically you may be suffering from
perfectionism if your acceptance rate is
consistently 60 get out there apply
social network

URL: https://youtu.be/pXILgQBnPtY
Title: Learn Git as a Newbie?
Transcript:
Seguin asked would you tell a newbie
developer to learn git and GitHub first
or it doesn't really matter when they
learn them let me know your thoughts my
answer is kind of both the sooner you
can work with GitHub the sooner you can
provably document your experience coding
and build your portfolio months of
experience is important but it's not the
most important

URL: https://youtu.be/_1hhm7Zgs7Q
Title: Learn React not Python pt 2
Transcript:
learn react not python this guy's 95
right but you're not going to want to
start with a mobile programming language
like kotlin not everybody needs a mobile
app you're going to be limiting your
higher ability as a job candidate learn
web Technologies everybody needs a
website not everyone needs a python
server side language programmer

URL: https://youtu.be/rzued4xHalU
Transcript:
basic get part two here are some terms
you need to know these are not commands
these are just terms whenever we're
talking about git GitHub and git related
operations

URL: https://youtu.be/5aeoMWMaKBo
Title: CS job while in school pt 1
Transcript:
four pieces of advice one in this one
follow for the others the most important
one is complete your degree remember
that working full-time while you're in
college is likely to contribute to
plunking out and dropping out so try to
avoid it prefer something like help desk
customer service part-time internships
I'll look for the others

URL: https://youtu.be/fL-E2fhKNQo
Title: Immigration tips to accelerate your tech career growth
Transcript:
if you live in a country with a small
Tech market and it is holding you back
from progressing in your career this
video is for you follow my YouTube link
in the bio for this and other coding
content

URL: https://youtu.be/8RpF-7lbRF0
Title: good things arent required and we should still do them
Transcript:
so hear me out focusing on what's needed
or required or necessary leads to
limiting beliefs you should focus on
good ideas over necessary ideas you
don't need to learn to program you don't
need a high quality of life you don't
need a remote job but like you should do
it it's like a great idea you might not
need a jump scare

URL: https://youtu.be/ONNitTDYpZQ
Title: Operating System Comparison
Transcript:
Windows Linux and Mac are the big three
operating systems Windows is common
among PC users Mac is common among
creatives and Linux is common for
servers Windows and Mac are paid so in
there you get customer support when you
need it Linux is centered around open
source maintainers can be rough
sometimes for example the creator of
Riser FS killed his wife

URL: https://youtu.be/e-zQaLg3POY
Title: what is devops?
Transcript:
Timmy Turner thanks for the question
check Wikipedia if you want like a
normal answer my answer is that these
are specialists in the build and deploy
steps of the sdlc so maintaining a
deployment pipeline is bread and butter
for devops after you write code it needs
to go through some hoops before an end
user can use it that's what they take
care of

URL: https://youtu.be/Arw6c8aWaHk
Transcript:
like to direct your attention to the
screen for a short video if you don't
mind
that I yield back

URL: https://youtu.be/QCcSwMyN6N4
Title: Does prompting == ownership?
Transcript:
so if you wake up one day

URL: https://youtu.be/Zae69W1j8Ko
Title: I got to add Mastodon too
Transcript:
I created my own social home template
isn't it great no it sucks check out
this other one there's way more info on
the screen so I'm gonna fix it and I'm
going to fix it live coding on a coding
Stream So follow my page and follow my
YouTube link and buy let's do it

URL: https://youtu.be/c2tSi3CD1aI
Transcript:
what about taking risks in your 30s I'm
turning 32 November I'm a fan of it I
messed up in my 20s spending any time
judging yourself about your 20s is a
waste of time you're 32. I was
stocking shelves in a liquor store at
32. I've been driving Uber doing
deliveries I feel like

URL: https://youtu.be/j48lNLF-iEU
Title: React vs Python Which One Should You Learn for Your First Job
Transcript:
xjs over Django react over python unless
you want to be a data analyst then go
Learn Python but also if you're a data
analyst you shouldn't you shouldn't be
learning Django you should be learning
like num like numpy

URL: https://youtu.be/nM_GL26W738
Title: Modified TDD is Best TDD
Transcript:
I want to create a new component react
but I want to do tdd so I start by
making a unit test that references a
component that doesn't exist fails stub
the file and now the test passes I just
made a tdd increment and I also just
wasted a bunch of time but let's not
stop there because every time that I do
a new commit I need my test to pass
right I don't realize that there are
these like patterns and conventions
embedded in other components how do I
make an HTTP call what variables do I
name how should I name my ID that I'm
referencing uh used ref on the component
so every time I write a test for these
things I am assuming implementation and
then that implementation turns out not
to be correct so I have to refactor the
component and the unit test doubling my
LOE instead here's what I do I create
the component and then I create the test
and I just make sure everything works
before I submit a PR at the end the
result is the same you have a set of
unit tests that pass but it's a lot less
LOE in the middle so this is a modified
tdd pattern that I suggest for
Developers

URL: https://youtu.be/ILX6QF-4EIQ
Title: Why learn React? (As a coder)
Transcript:
two great questions from real foxes so
react helps you build websites the
reason I recommend people learn it is
because it's the best path that I know
for most people to get a career in
programming
that's going to improve your quality of
life for the following four reasons
on average anyway and here are four
places to get started

URL: https://youtu.be/CegrcTt1iWc
Title: Questions I Get (as a coder)
Transcript:
yo yo what do you do for a living huh
what do you do for a living oh thank you
thank you what do you do for a living no
no what

URL: https://youtu.be/k8D2ma9lvK8
Title: The Tech Talent Shortage is an Employer Myth
Transcript:
unpopular opinion coming at you from the
CEO of minty beans the tech Talent
shortage is actually an unwillingness to
hire and train Junior developers there
is a glut of talented Juniors out there
the way to fix the talent shortage is to
change your hiring and team strategy

URL: https://youtu.be/nbxbWNqMrPc
Transcript:
why do people name their files
index.html have you ever wondered this
the answer is that when you make a
request to a website if you don't
specify a file extension the web server
will assume you're looking for
index.html within a specified folder or
the default public folder

URL: https://youtu.be/UkhDbeLvBl0
Transcript:
recommend this video from obscurious on
AI tools that can help you on any sort
of task my single favorite tool that I
learned about was called wisdolia its
use is pictured in front of us it's a
Chrome extension that lets you turn any
website into flashcards so it helps with
learning

URL: https://youtu.be/BLAy6TY139g
Title: Check out these 5 other teaching influencers!
Transcript:
make sure you're getting your
information from multiple sources my
name is John I teach people to code with
a free and open source curriculum called
laterally in this video name dropping
five other teaching influencers I look
up to Brian Talbert on LinkedIn robots
building education on Insta three others
on screen follow for more

URL: https://youtu.be/uR2aeXUdlr4
Title: intermediate lvl developer advice
Transcript:
intermediate level developers this is
for you so you've gotten the basics of
HTML CSS JavaScript and react down
you're ready to take it to the next
level with typescript my number one
resource for you very happy to recommend
Ben Awad the boy has more failed to
Ocean I mean full stock react tutorial
link pin in the comments

URL: https://youtu.be/baxBCvXk_DI
Title: That guy is underrated imho
Transcript:
prioritize planned perfectionism
Parkinson's law and proactivity one two
and five were prescriptions three or
four are just things to be mindful of
that is a prescription to prevent
burnout don't wait until you're employed
to prevent burnout even while you're
learning you will need to prevent
burnout

URL: https://youtu.be/YT-9XXhMdyo
Title: 13 Learning Tips pt 1: Start with the Stuff!
Transcript:
13 learning tips part one of three start
with the stuff some people think I need
to get my life perfect before I can
learn no start with the thing that you
want to learn it might end up being
really easy you might be able to knock
it out without making any big life
changes if you do need to change your
life
running into a concrete problem when
you're learning is going to tell you the
concrete way to update your life so
start by starting to learn today and you
can work on yourself later so what do
you want to learn you want to learn
whatever is going to maximize your
return on investment for time and effort
for a lot of people that's learning to
code this can unlock a high paying
remote career and you can do this with
Alternative Learning you don't
necessarily need a college degree so if
you're going to learn to code what
curriculum you need an evidenced based
curriculum that means something that's
Project based it's going to be full
stack that's going to unlock the
majority of programming jobs if you're
looking at a coding boot camp in
particular check out course report 4.25
or higher rating with a minimum of 400
reviews that's part one of three come
back and I'll tell you how you can
improve your lifestyle and get connected
to learn better

URL: https://youtu.be/wr5Qxxc9Wm8
Title: üîë If it doesnt fail it doesnt passüîë
Transcript:
things I learned at pycon part 4 10 ways
to shoot yourself in the foot with tests
I like that this talk was really
concrete and practical probably two
three eight and ten are my favorites

URL: https://youtu.be/DNQAGBELLYQ
Transcript:
John I'm trying to make money but I
don't have money to invest what you need
is a better job start getting a 75 grand
salary in three months I love teaching
people how to code follow my channel if
that interests you if that doesn't
interest you maybe sales is your thing
follow Tech sales Tom degree free has
some other options

URL: https://youtu.be/m3As0-kfPE0
Title: new tech alert
Transcript:
new technology alert react preview is an
alternative storybook with near zero
configuration storybook is a really
great component browser it'll help you
build an in-house component Library it
does require a bit of setup though react
preview integrates directly to vs code
found this through stack share weekly
follow for more

URL: https://youtu.be/wfHdJJoxq1Y
Title: Stolen Turkey Code Microproject
Transcript:
Stone turkey is a micro project webpage
written in HTML CSS and vanilla
JavaScript it's open source you can
check it out on my GitHub repository
just search for VanDevere you can click
the turkey and make it squawk and change
the tail feather colors it's pretty cool
go check it out

URL: https://youtu.be/-RxXAdPg2zc
Title: LETS GOOO!! React time baby!!!
Transcript:
welcome to my channel you guys I've been
telling you to learn react but what does
it mean to learn react how do you know
you made it this is going to be a five
part series follow the channel we're
gonna get started with an overview today
but it doesn't need to make sense
because we're going to dive into all the
bits in the next four videos here we go
remember these three acronyms once you
master all the skills that these letters
map onto you know basic react you're
ready for your certification and then
you're gonna go apply to jobs we're
going to start by learning react like a
pirate R then it's fat JS and fatterjs
all react is I want you to think about
it like this it's JavaScript plus some
stuff it's fat JavaScript here are your
three R's react rest and Redux we're
going to learn them in that order
doesn't need to make sense now we're
going to go through it in the next four
videos these are the five elements of
react Core jsx State props Hooks and
functional components that functional
components is your f after react core we
got rest with Fetch and await Redux with
thunks last video will be some optional
intermediate skills let's go

URL: https://youtu.be/f_U3f74cICk
Title: (as a coder) 3 fav starbucks drinks
Transcript:
three favorite drinks from Starbucks as
a software developer first up
matcha latte with almond milk
June second the Nitro oh can you see
that yeah
it's orange juice I really like the
defense up but they were out somewhere
she's

URL: https://youtu.be/lo-m8nZYNU0
Transcript:
had another one-on-one with my
supervisor in this particular meeting I
asked him what he thought got me hired
what he told me was someone had referred
me because they saw the positive energy
that I was putting into the development
Community the way you interact with
others on LinkedIn could determine
whether or not professionals here on
LinkedIn would be willing to be a shot

URL: https://youtu.be/9dx9RjqCZJw
Title: Say THIS when asked about job seeking
Transcript:
so here's a tip when you're looking for
a job whether you're switching into
coding or not
blame it on growth opportunities it
actually combines all the other reasons
in a socially acceptable politically
correct way and it's something we always
do anyway

URL: https://youtu.be/kXGzxRRkSVE
Title: Uncovering the Best Ways to Land a Coding Job as a Junior - You Won't Believe How Easy It Can Be!
Transcript:
how do you look for work in coding as a
junior coder
um the way that you look for coding as a
junior coder is the same way you look as
a senior so you need to implement social
networking optimize your resume optimize
your LinkedIn I would encourage you to
check out link LinkedIn jobs indeed.com
and then there are some other platforms
that you can use like uh
hired hired.com is a good one that's
more I think mid-level than a junior
tool but you can check it out you can
also you can also work with a
third-party agency recruiter like Tech
Systems if you're having a hard time as
a junior later in your career you really
may not need to do that but as a junior
it can be hugely beneficial

URL: https://youtu.be/d08uqHhs-6o
Title: "Money" is not a good answer
Transcript:
he's building a social networking site
using react postgres Express and socket
i o enough to find me a job the answer
is no the job search is its own skill
set you're going to need a resume that
can pass an ATS and communication skills
for your interview employment is a
two-way street you're going to need to
communicate to the employer why you care
about them

URL: https://youtu.be/Q4MJAl2sHsw
Transcript:
how do you prefer to use colors in your
CSS do you like the color name the hex
color RGB or hsl I prefer rgba this lets
you access the color spectrum for red
green blue and also transparency in the
form of an alpha parameter so you can
simultaneously gradient color and
transparency or animate it

URL: https://youtu.be/d7kFybN61Lk
Title: (as a coder) removing interview stress
Transcript:
in today's market the companies need you
more than you need them great point from
Fong let me build on that with three
more strategies that will help you
relieve stress combat anxiety coming up
to and through an interview overall
strategy here is to make the interview
be a good thing now that it's a good
thing you want it to happen you're
excited instead of this risky thing that
you currently perceive it is that's
triggering your anxiety number one a
bunch of people are worried about in
this interview I'm going to meet people
I've never met before how is my first
impression going to be isn't that risky
actually it's a great social networking
opportunity however the interview goes
always finish up with something like
this I've had a great time here it was a
pleasure to meet you regardless of how
this turns out I'd love to connect with
you on LinkedIn do each and every
interview is an opportunity to practice
this unique skill of interviewing so
whether or not they extend an offer you
gained value just by going through the
motions if you screwed up a question you
got a great diagnostic on exactly what
to practice three job searches and
numbers games so whether this company
makes an offer or not don't stress about
that you do enough of these from a
probability standpoint you're gonna get
a job

URL: https://youtu.be/iCTuFabtekM
Title: Follow to join the convo and
Transcript:
living in this big new world with my
head up in outer space

URL: https://youtu.be/OBARkZlJzt8
Title: the recession has disproportionately reduced data science salary
Transcript:
would I ever pivot into cyber security
or data science because that's where the
money is now everyone go follow James I
want to add two notes one if you're
trying to break into Tech don't just
consider salary consider the number of
jobs available two please check out this
video from Luke data engineering is
where the money is now not data science

URL: https://youtu.be/VSXTiLMyM5o
Transcript:
foreign

URL: https://youtu.be/2z5KCEVQUS0
Transcript:
coding is a way of making you feel like
an absolute genius one moment like a
complete right after it this is
from Clement he's a big name think two
lessons from this one is imposter
syndrome affects all levels from Junior
to CEO two is making mistakes is normal
don't beat yourself up over it

URL: https://youtu.be/JzorWUkjLMo
Transcript:
[Music]
thank you

URL: https://youtu.be/8xj0QAdfAZ4
Title: 7 ways coding is actually fun
Transcript:
this is a great question and apparently
I have a lot to say on this so this is
going to be a longer video before I get
into why I think it's so fun let me say
that one of the things that's unique
about tech is that it's very diverse and
that's one of the reasons it's so fun to
so many different kinds of people for
different reasons so I'll get into why I
think it's fun but keep in mind that
whether you're more of a visual person
there's front end work making websites
if you're more of a recluse abstract
thinker there's stuff on the database
side and this is reflected in all sorts
of programmer personalities is that
there is a great amount of diversity
contrary to this narrative that there's
like this one stereotypical like type of
programmer so I do think the visual side
of it was one thing that appealed to me
especially at first it helped me learn I
could get rapid visual feedback in some
ways I am close to the stereotypical
programmer but one of the ways that I'm
quite different is that I think CSS is a
lot of fun and I like making like
bouncing animations and stuff like that
with CSS the second way is that I like
to be able to deliver like concrete wins
and it creates a snowball of wins and
you can do like multiple commits or
multiple improvements in a single day
and really get the snowball going
previously I worked in construction and
food service for whatever reason a bunch
of career switchers have a background in
food service but there is a similar
effect where I can like give you like a
sandwich and I like made a real thing
and I it makes you happy and that makes
me happy
and you can do this with programming and
it's lower Stakes than construction or
maybe even food service because if I
screw it up I can just control Z I don't
need to throw out the sandwich or like
report concrete right so that's the
second thing for me personally is these
like concrete incremental winds that
actually have real clear value speaking
of clear value I guess this is the third
thing or maybe the third and fourth is
that their earnings are a lot better so
like the quality of life the work life
balance is a lot better than what I've
done in the past whether in politics or
in food service or elsewhere
um and it's third or fourth because I
can also share that with other people
and I personally get a ton of fun out of
Men's wearing juniors in my day job and
then also like teaching people through
social media as well as much as I like
random hobbies for fun like pottery
making or writing poetry or playing
drums I would actually rather teach you
to code than to play drums because this
is something you can like make a career
out of and it will benefit you and those
around you from a quality of life
perspective
and with drums I feel like I might
almost feel like distracting you
um and and yeah musician as a life
mostly doesn't work at least
historically and for most people if
you're a musician I don't mean to
discourage you and maybe that's changing
with New Media number five is that I
like experimenting and continuously
learning I don't necessarily like
reading books although I do that but
what I what I like to do for learning is
running my own experiments with real
estate you can't you have to have a lot
of money to like run your own real
estate experiments right with
programming I can sort of tinker and see
oh this is faster and this is better for
users and I think that's really fun
number six big one is that it's remote
work compatible and so I can like go to
the places I want to be and like try the
new coffee shop and and work from there
so hope this helps

URL: https://youtu.be/WReH5mywf6Q
Title: Banking Collapse!!
Transcript:
biggest banks in America just collapsed
this shouldn't be a big deal there are a
bunch of ways to cover your cash what
I'm realizing though is like people
don't know about this stuff whether
you're an individual or a business if
you have over a million in a single
account review this article also check
out this company and its competitors

URL: https://youtu.be/hgucvenGJ8c
Title: Use Your ESPP!
Transcript:
an employee stock purchase plan is a
valuable benefit that some people fail
to take advantage of because it requires
contributing out of cash don't skip out
on your espp do what I do and use a tool
like Benny instead learn more at this
link in my bio

URL: https://youtu.be/BDl54Qs-v9g
Transcript:
thanks for the question you don't need
to understand webpack or Babel to get an
entry-level job these are build tools
and customizing that will be your scope
at an intermediate to senior level
create react app next Blitz these will
have webpack configs for you if you just
want to look at them one use case would
be like inlining svgs

URL: https://youtu.be/5cWVCb1HfUM
Title: delete the fda
Transcript:
so let's look at some evidence that
getting rid of the FDA would benefit the
American Health Care system this death
toll is recognized by the far left
Atlantic magazine and right-wing
organizations like reason this is not
partisan please read this article in
particular we're talking about calling
on the order of half a million deaths

URL: https://youtu.be/5ygMLZkNGCI
Title: 3 Variable Selection Techniques
Transcript:
we have too many independent variables
in your statistical model here are three
approaches to select the best variables
or features from that pool shrinkage
methods like lasso Rich regression or
elastic nut stepwise methods like
backwards elimination or best subset
selection

URL: https://youtu.be/x3VacD_L2PY
Transcript:
candidation great question you did not
jump the gun that's awesome to learn
react GS you're going to need to know
HTML CSS and JavaScript prior they're
prerequisites so when I coach people how
to learn react I have them build a
vanilla website first awesome move

URL: https://youtu.be/AQSv6zLUCR4
Title: How Much Data Bias is Acceptable?
Transcript:
Jordan wonderful question what amount of
data bias do you think is acceptable so
for the general audience let me take a
step back and Define what we even mean
by bias bias here we're using a
technical sense in terms of statistical
bias in ordinary English a bias might
refer to a tendency John you're always
doing economic analysis are you biased
towards economics and statistics that
would be called a correlation or a
tendency that in and of itself is not a
bias a bias would be if your correlation
was higher than it should be or lower
than it should be if your measurement of
correlation was incorrect or erroneous
it would be biased but the correlation
by itself totally fine in the technical
sense here's another way that bias would
basically not be acceptable and it's
also not the technical definition of ice
hey John we know that you have this
conclusion that you already have in your
mind and you're trying to sneak it in
and you're just trying to put a veneer
of Statistics over the top so in
economics we would call that a moral
hazard and that's distinct from a
technical bias although in the normal
English we kind of say hey you're biased
and we're actually referring to that
moral hazard so here are two examples of
technical bias one would be omitted
variable bias say I'm doing a regression
between gender in the tech industry and
I just do a simple regression one-on-one
univariate regression but there's
actually a bunch of other things that
matter like for example personality or
risk aversion
um so if I leave those variables out if
I omit them then the statistical
coefficient of gender will be biased
because it will be including some of
those other effects that shouldn't be
attributed to it another important
technical bias is repeated measurement
bias where if I run a survey on Monday
Tuesday and Wednesday and I get 50
responses each day and then I do a
regression on them and I don't account
for the fact that Jim responded on all
three days and he actually got more
votes as it were
um then there's a bias where I'm
actually over representing Jim's opinion
and I'm not really getting the opinion
of the general population so that would
be a biased result so those are formal
statistical biases there are also
informal or domain-specific biases and
economics this would include anti-market
bias anti-innovation bias anti-foreign
bias self-similarity bias
so these are biases that are results of
theories in your field and those biases
are not statistical biases in the sense
that your model is technically wrong
what they mean is that there's a
disproportionate impact between the
expected result and The observed result
so if I give somebody ten dollars and I
observe how they spend it I'm gonna
there's gonna be a systematic difference
compared to if I just ask them by survey
by questionnaire hey how would you spend
ten dollars in economics we've observed
that there's a theoretical bias there
and specifically people respond by
questionnaire that they're much more
willing to spend money
um than they in fact are When You
observe them with their cash in their
wallet so with all that background
there's situations in which an optimal
decision uses 100 biased data follow for
part two I'll give you a specific
example much more to talk about

URL: https://youtu.be/LTLWTh0XVtM
Title: Make boring and u win cc Lyons peer review comment
Transcript:
how do you become an elite level lead
coder Like Larry or James the answer is
you make it a boring habit most
programmers can get their Elite code
skills to the medium range in two months
by grinding the first five patterns in
this article that's all you need for
that Junior role then just stay
consistent you don't need to keep
stressing

URL: https://youtu.be/TsGNF1ujhpc
Title: Is Coding Like the NBA? Can a 5 foot 3 dude hoop or code?
Transcript:
if you're an NBA coach would you want to
drive someone who is seven feet tall or
someone who is 5'3 but claims to work
hard thanks for the question stay to the
end because 5'3 there's something funny
about that in the NBA fact at the end
problem is that this is apples and
oranges coding and Athletics are similar
in some ways and they're not similar in
other ways one way that they're really
different is that height is easy to
screen for IQ is not easy to screen for
it's actually easier to directly measure
a programming skill than it is to
measure IQ another issue here is that
the NBA is not all basketball players
it's like the best best basketball
players so this would be like looking
just at Google Engineers instead of
looking at all programmers third in my
previous video I showed that average
American IQ actually even slightly below
average American IQ falls into the
suitable range of a programmer the
number five three that you're trying to
pick there is way below the norm and one
might think it's completely outside of
what's even allowable but here's the fun
fact Mugsy Bogues is a former American
basketball player the shortest ever to
play in the NBA a five foot three inch
point guard for 14 seasons

URL: https://youtu.be/ZdlM1mErFFU
Transcript:
and Dev I love this as an academic
practice citing our sources is the least
we can do but let's talk about three
other ways that we can recognize give
credit and support those creators who
wrote the code that we're using for
reference quick aside Dr David Friedman
The Economist in front of us during this
video said when you are young you worry
about people stealing your ideas when
you're old you worry about people not
stealing your ideas so option one is
uploading stack Overflow answers or
upvoting Reddit answers or starring your
GitHub repo giving that sort of vote to
whatever answer helped you number two if
you want to go the extra mile if a
framework or if a library really helped
you go to social media tweet about it
post about it reach out to the author
and thank them number three is an open
source maintainer myself if you really
want to do me proud contribute back to
my repo open a pull request or create a
new project using my code and grow the
community in further and add new
products into the community I would be
so proud close with another fun quote
Professor nostein from Yale if you copy
from one book that's plagiarism if you
copy from many that's research

URL: https://youtu.be/YegE3su3Fc0
Title: Props in React.js (Learn React pt 7)
Transcript:
learn react part seven let's talk about
components and props so we previously
talked about how jsx is a template
syntax that produces HTML but it's
written in JavaScript so at the top is a
jsx element and it will produce an HTML
element that's just a div react
components are also represented as jsx
you see const element equals welcome
welcome is not defined in the HTML spec
that is a custom user component in HTML
you have attributes so name Sarah would
be the name attribute and react these
are props props is short for properties
and they are written as attributes so
how do we actually Define welcome you
can Define it as a class I don't
recommend that I recommend functional
definition and what does functional
definition mean at the bottom you can
see it's literally a JavaScript function
props are passed to this function just
like arguments are passed to an ordinary
JavaScript function so welcome with name
of Sarah that would be an H1 hello Sarah
in a more complicated component I could
have special functions in style and they
would be isolated to welcome instead of
global

URL: https://youtu.be/gdgAR0y5X3k
Title: 10 Reasons Your Leetcode Stalled
Transcript:
10 reasons why your leak code studying
is going nowhere the one that hit home
for me is number two you get intimidated
by a tag that says hard which one hit
home for you on the list
do you disagree with the list would you
add something to the list comment with
your thoughts

URL: https://youtu.be/pmgYUxba0cc
Transcript:
if you're interested in building a
programming project the second kind of
project you can think about is one
that's interesting to you or it solves a
problem that you're missing pros and
cons to this kind of project constantly
here there are three times in total
though so tap the comments to see the
first one follow for the third one

URL: https://youtu.be/R7emQ8te9kA
Title: - Land a Coding Job Coursera = Recognition
Transcript:
reason number two the front-end
developer certificate from Coursera in
partnership with meta is the single best
place that you should start learning to
code in June 2023. the reason is
employer name recognition if the
employer doesn't recognize your
credential it's not going to hold value
to them follow for part three

URL: https://youtu.be/12aoOgzfbX4
Title: Big Tech and Small Business optimize differently
Transcript:
big Tech system design Pro tips stay to
the end we are often faced with
trade-offs in project management and in
system design and the so-called iron
Triangle pictured in front of us is a
common mental model to help us think
through those trade-offs let me
illustrate with a recent example from my
own work so I recently designed a
microservice that empowers our data
analyst to model changes to pricings of
certain products and then understand the
impact to the bottom line beforehand
whereas previously they would have to
ship and then do some a b testing and
prod and do analysis on production data
the analysts already had certain scripts
that expected a certain table structure
so to support that and facilitate their
experience I preserved that table
structure even though a cleaner
structure would have been faster and
cheaper this example illustrates the pro
tip which is that in big Tech we want to
prioritize adoption and user experience
even when it's expensive as long as we
can contain that expense to the short
run in the long run we can drive down
costs and alter the experience after
adoption is achieved

URL: https://youtu.be/5p1o82mOKXY
Transcript:
so where does all this data come from
that the analysts are analyzing it's a
really good question there's three main
sources one is user input two is system
generated metrics like logs and site
visitors per day and the third is
through procurement so sometimes we'll
just buy data

URL: https://youtu.be/vYa5288avLk
Title: behavioral interview tip
Transcript:
behavioral interview question Tell me
about a time where you were wrong about
a strong technical Choice thanks for the
question you see the answer is that
previously I believed you should never
eat the green part of a strawberry but
I'm research driven I'm data driven
after doing my due diligence I realized
they are in fact edible

URL: https://youtu.be/1jpYmw_RmdQ
Title: Coding Bootcamps and Gender Diversity
Transcript:
why do we have high levels of gender
diversity in coding boot camps but we
don't have high levels in computer
science programs I'm currently analyzing
novel data one early finding is that
women desire a programming career at
about the same rate that men do so maybe
CS curriculum is the problem instead of
the occupation itself

URL: https://youtu.be/WMgKiGOSe5o
Title: Release Note: The Trial by Fire
Transcript:
if you want to learn to code pretty cool
news today I'm releasing the trial by
fire which is a quick 45 minute lesson
where I fly through HTML CSS JavaScript
give you the big picture in a short
amount of time
sign up link in my bio laterally.io and
you can view that lesson for free

URL: https://youtu.be/VDTvPsCq9GI
Title: College Grows Your Soft Skills??
Transcript:
programming is famous because you don't
need a degree to get a job as a
programmer as an economist with a
specialty in higher education I can tell
you there's not one point of college but
over 90 percent of students go to
college in pursuit of a job after they
graduate graduating college does help
you land a job and economists explain
their ability to do that using two
popular models the signaling model and
the human capital model human capital
model says that college is giving you
skills not just soft skills but also
hard skills we use these same models to
explain why in many cases you don't need
a degree for instance graduating from a
coding boot camp can endow you with
skills and Signal your value to an
employer so do yourself a favor search
my name on Google Scholar scroll down
until you get to the paper on Conformity
and soft skills as determinants of
alternatively credentialed non-college
graduate higher ability by Yours Truly
click the link you'll go to ssrn you can
read it for free in your browser you'll
get some confirmation and then employers
do expect College grads to have slightly
higher soft skills then there are tips
for anyone to boost perceived soft
skills

URL: https://youtu.be/ARXQKoeGePo
Title: SWE Salary Calculator
Transcript:
attention software Engineers hired.com
just released a new salary calculator
just Google hired salary calculator
you'll find it the bad news is it
includes inflated salaries the good news
is those salaries are accurate for the
hired platform basically getting a job
through hired can be hard but they pay
well

URL: https://youtu.be/AoVDOkjW2zI
Title: Remote Work Trends
Transcript:
common thought thanks for the question
so here's some data from The Economist
that shows that remote is the new normal
for programming in the US and then if
you're more so just asking what is a
digital Nomad or what is Nomad lifestyle
I'll pin both these links in the
comments

URL: https://youtu.be/cn8aDattJ-0
Title: Economics of Education Research
Transcript:
places you can go to read my work in the
economics of Education start with Google
Scholar proquest should be free Plan B
would be to go to George Mason
University directly then you can see the
working versions of many of my papers on
ssrn and also on GitHub here's the
GitHub

URL: https://youtu.be/cqWK3_EwrT8
Title: Soft skills will help you throughout your career, including at interview time!
Transcript:
[Music]
career tip for software Engineers those
in Tech and those outside of tech be the
opposite of Wendy in this meme soft
skills are so underrated you want to be
a person that people want to be around
it's a major key
[Music]

URL: https://youtu.be/bdh2VKp5XBQ
Title: You don't need to know everything!
Transcript:
hey Junior Engineers Googling doesn't
mean that you're bad at coding I
architect Enterprise apps and I've been
doing this for nearly a decade here's
what I Googled over the last week you
don't need to know everything I would go
further than Jason I would say that
Google search is the number one
developer skill

URL: https://youtu.be/Zjcy92uygzw
Title: 3 Tips for Young Adults
Transcript:
you can give one piece of advice to a
guy in his early 20s what would it be
guys and girls 18 and up three things
one get a job make your employer pay for
your college two make it a business
degree because it's easy and no one
really cares three you can totally teach
yourself to code go do it do it right
now

URL: https://youtu.be/JBPrC6L-Fww
Title: My YouTube Era
Transcript:
for the next 60 days I'm posting
exclusive content on YouTube Lincoln bio
subscribe now you don't want to miss
this video highlighted in green has the
reasons why

URL: https://youtu.be/EdvV1ysEe6Y
Title: yes CS degrees definitely add value and reduce risk
Transcript:
stay to the end I'll give you five
possible exceptions but the general
advice is that the college degree is
still a great investment it's a great
option for most people delaying college
going straight into the job market for
programming is a risky move it's a
gamble it's not ideal for most people
here are six factors that contribute to
the college degree being a fantastic
investment for candidate programmers if
you've considered these six and you
still think that you are a candidate for
an exception here are five cases where I
could see a case being made for someone
being an exception to the default advice
of recommended immediate enrollment into
college After High School graduation
hope this helps if there's anything else
I can help with drop a comment or check
the link in my bio for a one-on-one
console

URL: https://youtu.be/uJsoXhRYVG0
Title: Storytime: Channeling Fear into Grit and Motivation
Transcript:
are you the type of person who's
motivated by fear I am story time risk
aversion loss aversion are two
behavioral human traits observed across
the human race so let your guard down
hear my story don't worry about being
perceived as weak don't worry about
being perceived as abnormal this message
isn't for everybody but it's a very
common personality type and myself
included so I just got done with the
fight camp and I was trying to take it
easy and the coach there coach Tommy
duquette basically motivated me against
my will because he pushed one of my
buttons and it reminded me of when I
played High School varsity football it
reminded me of something a coach of mine
did one time so I was the second
Stringer there was more people behind me
but I wasn't an All-Star I was basically
an average player as far as our varsity
team went like anyone I would suffer
from performance when I got tired but I
think it hit me kind of more than most
and my coaches would really struggle to
keep me motivated towards the end of a
practice one day my coach just got
frustrated and just lit into me and was
surprised to see my performance ticked
up quite a bit he goes oh you're one of
those people what we eventually
discussed later is that he found out
that I'm the type of person that's
motivated by fear and so other people on
the team were motivated by other things
like Hey look to win the championship
you're gonna look so cool and I was
motivated by if you don't do this right
you're off the team so years later I
study economics and this is where it
relates to you and I today okay so
economics has something called
opportunity costs so if you're
struggling with learning to code and if
you're intimidated you think man I can't
do this you're afraid consider that the
opportunity cost is the real thing you
should be afraid of what happens if you
don't get the job what happens if you
don't get this money I'm not talking
about your personal quality life I'm
talking about who are you hurting so
frame the problem this way and it's not
quite accurate but that's not the point
the point is to push your buttons for
motivation if you don't get this money
you can't give to that charity if you
don't get this money how are you going
to take care of your family how are you
going to take care of your old parents
what if you get sick what are you going
to be able to do you're gonna be
hopeless and on the flip side of that
let me reassure you it is possible
realistic easier than you think to learn
to code I think a lot of us who have
this sort of anxiety and fear it comes
with pessimism and some of that
pessimism becomes unrealistic pessimism
and let me just reassure you that
pessimism is unfounded if you're
questioning if you can learn to code the
truth is most people who think they
can't actually can so we need to correct
that information in the American culture
that it's actually easier to code than
we think it is so reframe the situation
that way and see if it motivates you
it's motivating for me
so previously you're thinking hey I
could go the extra mile but it's a lot
of work is it really worth it I don't
know but now with the noon mindset
you're saying the opportunity cost here
if I don't do this I'm hurting people
and if I do this I'm doing the right
thing and I'm helping people like I said
again this is not quite accurate and
this is not meant to demonize people who
don't want to code what I want you to do
is Adopt a mindset that can help you
push through if it's something you want
to do thanks for listening hope you took
something away from a personal story of
mine

URL: https://youtu.be/X64tKzGYMP0
Title: tweaks are often bargains! If you can get social buy in by renaming a method, adding a log, or smth
Transcript:
hey so this is true and this is a good
thing don't be a software engineer that
has the mindset that my way is the right
way and I just want to Champion my way
that's not how to be a good engineer
when you reach out to your team and you
say hey I have this problem I'm thinking
about solving it this way what do you
think you want that to be a genuine
question and you want to be open-minded
to their honest feedback they may say it
looks good they may ask you to tweak it
or they may offer a completely different
suggestion all of these are good options
you don't have to just accept their
suggestions you talk about it you talk
about it reasonably make sure you're
being fair don't try to just advocate
for your initial solution often our
initial solution is not optimal it's
much better to have this discussion
before putting in a bunch of work
instead of after you already put in a
bunch of work where you're really going
to be strongly biased to just get a
thumbs up on what you already did you're
actually not going to be as open-minded
in addition in an interview situation if
your interviewer suggests an approach
you need to take it seriously

URL: https://youtu.be/DTgJ9U0dHm0
Title: Idiots driving
Transcript:
chadstone says how hard is it
for you idiots to not run into each
other in the interstate just go straight
Jesus this is not that complicated to
which I reply it's really complicated

URL: https://youtu.be/if-6OavUYdI
Title: Vandivier UR üåé A FLAT EARTHER??
Transcript:
are you a flat earther or a scientist do
you believe in science right you want
data you want objective third-party
Benchmark data with small incremental
experimental changes added on top so
that you can determine the impact to
your resume your interview performance
and ultimately the salary negotiation
that's going to take place the data is
not going to fall out of the sky you
have to get started you have to actually
submit the resume do the interviews so
you can get that feedback data and then
do the optimizations so let that
perfectionism drive you to start you're
right you're not interview ready yet and
you don't know how to get better so get
the feedback data and then improve

URL: https://youtu.be/v02KgvTA3Mo
Title: 1 Personal Brand Tip for Developers
Transcript:
here's a classic example of like brand
always matters totally agree and this
applies to your personal professional
brand let me give you one brand tip if
you're trying to land your first coding
job comment if you want to hear more the
one tip is if you have a GitHub
portfolio you're not an aspiring
developer you're a developer

URL: https://youtu.be/IrU4VWl-IgA
Title: research review on coding bootcamps
Transcript:
three interesting facts about coding
boot camps from an Open Access article
We Love Open Access research about three
quarters of graduates got some kind of
work within a year median under six
months applying over 100 times was
stressful but common they spent a median
of nine months learning other ways
before choosing a boot camp

URL: https://youtu.be/PYyEiyEiDGU
Title: We love women in tech
Transcript:
I think this means I might have bad
opinions
for real though did you know if everyone
who follows me right now became a
programmer we would improve gender
equity in the United States Canada and
the UK
you can do it you can do this

URL: https://youtu.be/saTQr5jwa7Q
Title: Why Frontend Programming?
Transcript:
I specialize in teaching people how to
break an attack and learn how to code
follow my page if you're interested this
commenter asks why I recommend front-end
programming to that end great question a
bunch of reasons I'll give you three
first the mental model of a website what
a good website looks like is really
familiar to even non-technical people
the main four branches of programming
are front-end back-end devops and data
analysis data analysis is kind of
intuitive but devops is like totally
foreign to the normal person if you say
infrastructure they're thinking about
like their house and then back end is
really abstract and hard to visualize if
you're not trained in thinking that way
so building on that point too the
alternatives to front end requires
special training so you're not going to
be a good data analysis you could
actually be a little bit dangerous if
you're a data analyst that doesn't know
stats for example three is the level of
difficulty of setup with front-end
programming you already probably have
the Chrome browser installed and you can
get started sandbox in the Chrome Dev
tools and you can also visit like
w3schools and code in your browser other
languages are growing and your ability
to have like an in-browser experience
but tools are rough outside of front end

URL: https://youtu.be/5HHy8VM3zdQ
Title: Discord is the new Social Networking
Transcript:
problem says your GitHub and Discord
will bring you more opportunities than
any resume ever will GitHub for your
portfolio don't sleep on LinkedIn and
then Discord for social networking
Discord has been blowing up here's some
servers you can join also check the pin
comments and laterally in my bio also as
a server

URL: https://youtu.be/Iulo5Ed2x5k
Transcript:
bro got like 93 variables trying to make
an ordinary least squares model how do I
know which ones matter why don't you
just test all of them just drop them in
the same model concurrently and drop the
ones that have a low SP value bet so I
just stopped when all the variables are
under P dot one or what I mean if you're
a boomer maximize your adjusted r
squared or check the AIC or the b i c

URL: https://youtu.be/IE0DAZ3zItQ
Title: .NET vs React.js
Transcript:
hey Domi thanks for the question I
personally don't enjoy.net
um you can see Google Trends react wins
here's the 2021 stack Overflow developer
survey like react wins by a mile it's
like more than double.net but I guess
like.net beats spring

URL: https://youtu.be/7LuPZfnBkJA
Title: Next Deno when first learning to code
Transcript:
this just in May 2023 update you should
still learn react not python if you are
trying to learning code and you are not
particularly interested in data science
yes to learn react you're going to start
with JavaScript and I recommend you
quickly upskill to typescript and pick
up next.js Leslie is 100 right at that
point you'll be job ready other than the
job search skills themselves social
networking behavioral interview prop
data structures and algorithms that sort
of thing I also want to apologize in a
previous video I recommended a dino
application starter because I
misunderstood the question I thought
someone was asking about learning Dino
if you're asking about learning
programming do you prefer next to dino
this is a great reason you should
subscribe and watch multiple of my
videos rather than taking one in
isolation thank you for the clarifying
comments do keep them coming I'll make
sure to respond and clarify when not if
I make a mistake I'll also call out that
the general lessons I teach are all open
sourced in the laterally slides
curriculum so if you want a single
reference make it that instead of a
one-off tick tock video please like
share and follow for more programming
stuff

URL: https://youtu.be/eNai1RCDpWo
Transcript:
whoa job doctor Tessa says that you can
make 150k plus after 10 to 20 years of
experience in your industry I'm here to
tell you you can do it in three to five
years by becoming a programmer it's
actually easier than you think it is
it's actually more fun than you think it
is like my video follow my channel let's
learn to code

URL: https://youtu.be/O96f1W-hHXg
Title: Check out ISAs
Transcript:
to get a really good job as a software
engineer I've had zero dollars in my
bank account big fan of David Bragg go
follow his account but you need to know
three letters Isa you can go to a solid
boot camp for under 20 grand and you
shouldn't have to pay a dime until you
land a job that's what I do for my
clients

URL: https://youtu.be/E5PTKNB0XCQ
Title: Sign up for Ladderly now!
Transcript:
teachable won't let me accept more
students into my free program unless I
pay him a bunch of money so I just like
made my own site so you can go here I
need to do the domain migration but
whatever you can click the link and sign
up here the content to learn isn't there
yet but you can go ahead and sign up and
the content will be ready soon

URL: https://youtu.be/MM0W-6iB0SE
Title: - Land a Coding Job Completion rates are so important
Transcript:
completion rates are a huge problem for
online courses in general but they turn
out to be another reason that you want
to use Coursera over udemy Udacity
points out that only four percent of
students ever complete a mooc but
nanodegree programs have a 30 graduation
rate Matthew Alexander points out that
the completion rate problem does apply
to udemy courses with the completion
rate percent estimated at four to ten
percent across all udemy courses of
course there is a huge amount of
variation between courses but that only
creates a further problem when we are
trying to create a plan with minimal
risk for you to land a job here's the
good news Coursera like Udacity is an
exception to this rule specifically when
you pay to play the completion rate is
over 55 and keep in mind that the course
that we've recommended this front-end
developer certificate provided in
partnership with meta is available under
Coursera plus which means you do need to
pay money and you do get that benefit of
a high completion rate about 25 percent
of Coursera completers land a job that's
where laterally helps triple that number
Link in bio

URL: https://youtu.be/uaYuKeIDgY8
Transcript:
Chris asks what advice would you give
someone trying to get a career in Tech
real tough monkey drop knowledge learn
the fundamentals stick to your goal be
consistent build a habit keep on
learning and improving I agree 100 only
thing I would add is make sure you get
GitHub early so that you get all of
those commits on your record

URL: https://youtu.be/9C3O-Bcvw-Y
Title: Competitive programming correlates negatively w job perf
Transcript:
being good at coding competitions
correlates negatively with job
performance I think this works as
evidence for two conclusions one is that
soft skills are really important not
just to the interview but to your
long-term success second algorithm
interviews May select for some toxic
incentives what do you take away from
this

URL: https://youtu.be/YVGPnwTNDo8
Transcript:
new resource alert Clement has announced
front-endexpert.io which will help you
succeed at front-end interviews at
Google meta and so on Clement is the
founder of algo expert which I've
recommended for years so I'm going to
try this out and I encourage you to try
it out too

URL: https://youtu.be/rYERr1r19sw
Title: Is Drizzle ORM the new hotness? Nope
Transcript:
five reasons I prefer Prisma orm over
drizzle orm in 2023 reason number one
drizzle is a sequel first orn two sub
problems under this number one it
basically defeats the purpose of having
an orm orm's abstract sequel away so you
can just program in your programming
language two by encouraging writing SQL
you might end up writing SQL which is a
bad security practice reason number two
it's still an alpha contrast this with
Prisma which is highly mature reason
number three only four thousand stars on
GitHub contrast that with over 30 000
stars for Prisma this is not a vanity
metric this correlates with employer
awareness and Industry adoption you want
to know skills that people are actually
going to use you don't want to chase
shiny objects that's reason number four
if everyone's talking about it right now
it just got released always be skeptical
in general of shiny objects number five
Prisma is still the default database
client for Blitz Blitz is tried and true
it handles my whole stack I'm not going
to overturn it for a new unstable shiny
object follow for more code and stuff

URL: https://youtu.be/sekOSzaCRaw
Title: (as a coder) 6 Reasons: Entering My YouTube Era
Transcript:
six Reasons I'm entering my YouTube era
and you should care if you are following
me to learn to code the last four
reasons will be reasons that you should
go immediately subscribe to me on
YouTube if you are a fellow content
creator stay tuned for these first two
reasons and you might consider having
your YouTube era the first reason is I
got two strikes on my account so Tick
Tock creators let's talk about strikes
for a minute the normal rule is three
strikes and your account will be
permanently banned in fact if you have
one really bad strike even one strike
can do it in some cases you can have up
to 10 strikes I've heard and that's very
rare so the normal rule is three strikes
and you're out which would mean that I'm
only one strike away so that's a great
reason for me to pick another platform
the good news is you can appeal these so
I did appeal my Robin Hood video because
Robin Hood is not a scam referral Link
in the description so the video is
reinstated but the strike stays on your
account for the purpose of the 90-day
Windows what's worse you can accumulate
these strikes over time and your account
will not be banned but they will reduce
your views this was unexpected to me and
if this keeps happening it's going to to
Kill My Views so that's why I need to
look for another platform here's reason
number two is links work better on
YouTube so with Tick Tock they used to
allow pinned comments they used to allow
you to put a link in the comment and
people could click that no more now I
have to tell people to go to my bio and
then I put the referral Link in my bio
this isn't just a problem for referral
links if I want to cite something in my
video I have to like put a picture of
the web resource and then ask people to
Google it which almost never works it's
way better to go over to YouTube and say
the link is in the description it's way
better right by the way my referral link
is in the description
you can get up to 200 of stock at
Robinhood check it out so if you're
learning to code you also care about
links you care about verifying and
accessing those sources where the links
are in the description or in the pen
comment YouTube is going to be better
for you two is higher quality longer
form content so on Tick Tock or with
YouTube shorts and Instagram reels I
could make a series it might be three
four five videos five ten fifteen
seconds each the number of Learners that
make it all the way through is very
small and you have to go through and
like find them the ones that are related
right with YouTube you have a single
video it's all related it flows straight
through so the total completion rate is
higher and that's good for you as a
student you're going to be actually
learning
three is streams so I've been live
creating this open source tool called
red yellow green and you can see YouTube
has the playlist so this is one example
of the live coding playlists that you'll
be able to see if you go over to YouTube
so for the next 60 days I'll be in my
YouTube era including the shorts so if
you're one of those over 20 000 people
that follows me on Tick Tock because you
like the coding content in short form
come over to YouTube
short videos long videos streams it's
all going to be on YouTube whether it's
you or someone you know please consider
sharing if you have a friend who wants
to learn to code or already codes and
just enjoys engaging the culture
please like share and I hope to see you
soon

URL: https://youtu.be/oeVs4LmCMjA
Transcript:
when we
do it time you are shorty tell me if I'm

URL: https://youtu.be/HgU6vEyqiFM
Title: Hey! I'm John
Transcript:
here we go not gonna mess this up not
gonna mess this up here we go ready
allow me to introduce myself my name is
cork I'm kind of like the leader in here

URL: https://youtu.be/8H5yW288qCk
Title: Efficiently Pick Leetcode Questions
Transcript:
how do you systematically and
efficiently pick the next lead code
question please don't tell me you're
just spamming blind 75 that's not
efficient that's what this article
solves just published on hacker noon
today pinned in the comments pin in the
description check it out let me know
your thoughts

URL: https://youtu.be/1kU_ASADlPY
Title: Building a bot to scrape job data‚Ä¶ How NOT to collect data
Transcript:
so i built a web scraper
that logs into linkedin
searches for jobs in the data science
field
and then scrapes this job description
data
everything was going fine until i woke
up one morning to check on the status of
my bot and found this
so let's go over how i got here and how
you can avoid this
what up dead nerds i'm luke data analyst
and my channel is all about tech and
skills for data science and this video
is part of a series where i'm going
through and building a data science
project in order to build up my
portfolio in my last and also first
video of the series i detail outlining a
problem in order to get started with a
data science project and the problem
that i'm trying to solve that i feel
like many of you can relate to is how to
become a data analyst specifically i
want to have more transparency around
this and i'm going to be looking into
things like what are skills required in
this field and also what is the job
market like so once you know the problem
that you want to solve the next step is
actually collecting the data and
collecting the data can actually come
from a lot of different sources so let's
break this down first is around the
availability of the data is it publicly
available or do we have to sign in some
service or go behind a paywall to access
it and the other major aspect is whether
it's clean or not
if it's clean it's usually in the form
of csvs or a database if it's not so
clean it may be a multitude of data
spread over web pages so i started in
the easiest section looking for clean
publicly available data so the main
sites that i use to look for this kind
of data are sites like kaggle google
data.gov data.world and even some github
locations although there was a lot of
publicly available data around jobs
there wasn't anything that actually
provided the in-depth detail that i
needed to solve my problem so i moved on
to the next section of looking at clean
data that is not necessarily publicly
available and for this i think a good
example are apis so what's an api in
simple terms it involves using some code
such as python to contact a server and
then from there request the data that
you want i consider this not public
because typically an api requires you to
go through some sort of authentication
to approve and allow you to access that
data if you're interested in learning
more about using python to access apis i
highly recommend you check out the
python for everybody course as this
provides an introduction to this so
anyway back to the project i started to
look into top websites that provided job
data and whether they provided apis for
this so i decided to look at some of the
most popular job searching sites that
include linkedin indeed monster
glassdoor and even google jobs out of
all these different websites that i
looked in none of them really had an api
to allow me to collect job data funny
enough linkedin used to actually have an
api to allow you to access this job data
but has since deprecated it it turns out
for good reason they didn't want anybody
building a linkedin competitor all right
the next section we'll look at quickly
is data that is unclean and that is not
publicly available as a data analyst i
find that this is typically where i work
in my normal day job in that i have
access to data if you will on clean data
within my company that's not publicly
available that i have to actually
aggregate and make usable unfortunately
i don't work in linkedin or even google
so this was an option for me so i moved
to the last option and that is data that
is not clean but that is public i like
to think of this as all the publicly
available data on the internet that you
can access through web scraping or web
crawling so for my project i felt that
the best way to solve this problem was
actually collecting job data around job
postings and specifically i looked at
all those websites that i previously
mentioned and i decided to go with
linkedin this is the social media
platform that most of my subscribers are
on when looking for a job so with
linkedin they actually make it really
simple you can go in and search a
specific job title in a specific
location and then get job postings
around this so that's what i decided to
do for this part of the project is build
a web scraper to go in and scrape that
data so over the course of a few days i
worked to build a script for this
purpose since i'm most familiar with
python and feel it's a superior language
i decided to go with this along with
selenium a popular python library truth
be told i'm no expert on web scraping so
initially a lot of my time was spent
learning the basics of web scraping with
data cams course web scraping in python
this course was great at getting me up
to speed fast with the basics of web
scraping and from there once i got into
building the scraper i switched into
using google to answer my questions and
trust me i use google a lot so for the
spot to make it easier to build i broke
it up into sections of logging into
linkedin with my login information
navigating to the job search page and
searching for data analyst jobs going
through and then selecting each job
posting in order to scrape the job data
i wanted once all entries on a page were
cycled through then selecting the next
page and repeating this process for all
remaining pages during this all the data
is being saved to a daily csv file i
wanted only the most recent job postings
so the bot only searched for jobs posted
in the last 24 hours i then used a cron
job to run this script automatically
every night so theoretically i was
scraping all the jobs posted for data
analysts anyway i do want to note some
caveats about web scraping and some
problems that i actually ran into first
i noticed that i had to throttle the
speed that i was actually scraping the
data if i scraped it too fast i would
get those prompts of an ru robot checks
and i actually had to physically check
this in order to continue so because of
this it sometimes took as long as half a
day just to pull all the data that i
wanted the second other limitation was
that linkedin only provides around 1 000
job results with a job search even if
there were hundreds of thousands of job
postings i could only scrape a thousand
jobs at a time and the final most
annoying thing was that i had to log on
to linkedin daily otherwise i would
continue to get the are you a robot
prompt and it would mess up my script so
besides that everything seemed to be
going fine with pulling this data i even
made a video here where i dived into the
initial data that i pulled in order to
find out what skills were being
requested of a data analyst so i was
really optimistic of the data i was
pulling
and i was really hoping to just
continuously pull this data infinitely
into the future so that way i was always
having the most up-to-date data on this
field but one morning when i woke up to
check on the status of my bot and i
noticed that it wasn't pulling data i
initially thought that this was caused
by that third problem that outlined if
not logging in daily so i went and
actually tried to log into linkedin and
when i went to the job postings i
actually physically couldn't search for
jobs anymore
so apparently linkedin identified that i
was a bot and thus restricted my access
to no longer be able to
access job data anymore i was a little
pissed but full disclosure i did use a
burner account so not typically not my
actual linkedin login account i set up a
fake account to actually log in
in case potentially something like this
happened but nonetheless i was still
upset because they had restricted my
access to looking for jobs so i decided
to look more into if web scraping is
legal and i found this 2019 a u.s
circuit court ruled that web scraping
public sites does not violate the law
interesting enough this case was
actually on linkedin being upset that
another company hiq was scraping its
publicly available data the court ruled
that for publicly available
non-copyrighted data users are allowed
to do web scraping however the ruling
excludes those sites that require some
sort of authentication and that have you
sign some sort of terms and conditions
that basically forbid you from doing web
script this year linkedin actually
brought this case up to the supreme
court and it ended up that the ruling
was vacated meaning the ruling was made
legally void
and this case is actually now up for
review again so after learning all this
i decided to look into more of what is
linkedin's terms and conditions on this
and come to find out they actually
specifically ban their members from
scraping any data
probably should have read that first so
where is this project going now that i
hit this road bump well i actually did
find that this job data is available
without you actually logging in or
having to authenticate and agree to
those terms and conditions of linkedin
i'd have to redesign my bot in order to
scrape this publicly available data if
you will and also i'm not sure if i'm
necessarily comfortable doing that just
yet so i'm still thinking about it as
always if you got value out of this
video smash that like button with that
see the next one
[Music]
you

URL: https://youtu.be/cKCMYaNSRtA
Title: CS job while in school pt 2
Transcript:
so if you're in school and you want to
land a coding job how do you prepare for
it the same way you would as if you were
not in school grind lead code this
article will help you out even more than
the blind 75 will a few other things
right here and then social network until
you cry and then stop because people
don't want to talk to you when you're
crying

URL: https://youtu.be/jyGBN7_XmDw
Title: The grammer isn't pro at all if we're saying our truth
Transcript:
so hear me out I was just thinking isn't
it funny we're called programmers
but we write everything in lower case we
use no punctuation
we've sometimes just replaced like
vowels with numbers or just leave them
out all together

URL: https://youtu.be/lK1e2Mxj_vU
Title: Focus on your situation over macro conditions
Transcript:
please don't let the overall economy
scare you away from trying to break an
attack job growth is picking up again
isn't that great well maybe not because
the FED is trying to slow job growth so
now they might have to raise rates so
there's a bunch of uncertainty macro
effects mostly Irrelevant for
individuals just do it

URL: https://youtu.be/_eS4YQg3aE0
Title: you should probably just run everything you consider saying by from here on out right?
Transcript:
that gbt is so smart it's going to tell
you how you should talk to your husband
honesty okay good start offer
Alternatives focus on specific elements
and be supportive no specific quote
though

URL: https://youtu.be/f4iOcN77Hzs
Title: Learn HTML in 15 Seconds!
Transcript:
bro it actually is a shimo in 15 seconds
on Windows go to your user folder make a
new folder called workspace show your
file extensions make a new file called
test.txt go in there type this
now rename the file to dot HTML put it
in Chrome

URL: https://youtu.be/bzYHQ0IM2yY
Title: Keep it Simple: Learn React
Transcript:
where's the cheese in some of the sauce
but there's no cheese on it it's under
the sauce
like I'm Italian and this is hurting me
it's from Chicago but
it's just Sauce Cheese is under the
sauce

URL: https://youtu.be/i8xzb4n-Ldg
Transcript:
cigar says I've almost learned HTML and
CSS what should I learn next JavaScript
or a CSS framework if your goal is to
land a job ASAP the answer is Javascript
because the odds that any particular
employer will use that CSS framework or
low and they're going to need JavaScript

URL: https://youtu.be/CQlshAUV_qs
Transcript:
if I can't solve something in 10 minutes
I look up an answer try to understand
the intuition behind it and then try to
solve it on my own again this technique
is called time boxing and it's really
useful professionally as well as when
studying 10 minutes is arbitrary
different situations call for different
time boxes this Reddit user studying
blind 75's thoughts

URL: https://youtu.be/rENBAdY0zfU
Transcript:
how I made my QR code lock scanner and
why I made it for social networking so I
don't have to spell my last name people
can just scan this and connect to me on
social media on my laptop I generated a
QR code here pasted it here took a
picture with my phone and saved it as a
lock background

URL: https://youtu.be/3yLk37WEHBo
Title: A solid design doc is an underrated portfolio piece too imho
Transcript:
five elements of an awesome technical
design document as a programmer first
you win an awesome executive summary
that's concise and informative should we
note more than three sentences long it
should describe the business value of
the initiative and who are the
stakeholders both the contributors and
the users second you should have a
thorough background section that goes
through the technical background and the
product background technical background
if I'm updating some code I want to know
what is the existing flow of interest
and I want to know what's the history
here when was this introduced as part of
what feature when did this happen from a
product perspective what are the related
features in their business value and
their stakeholders third talk about your
constraints system performance
constraints solution delivery timeline
constraints third team dependencies
these will also be Associated to a risks
section later on Fourth talk about the
solution you would like refer to the
background section that logic are you
going to insert something or wrap it
let's give pseudocode request response
object type information let's be precise
last show Alternatives and why they
don't work

URL: https://youtu.be/T0aiOt9f34I
Title: it was a different time lol
Transcript:
why do I want to work here
um
I don't I do know how to make websites
with reacto
oh I got the job okay great

URL: https://youtu.be/Q_7YAxOpupE
Title: Memorizing Stuff? (as a coder)
Transcript:
in part one I said web developers should
memorize a series of trusted information
providers like the Mozilla developer
Network and the react official
documentation the other thing they
should memorize is the basics of the
document object model other than that
trust muscle memory build a bunch of
projects you're going to learn for
example what are the CSS selectors that
solves for actually making applications
but there are a couple other goals one
is like passing an interview so I'll
give you a sample non-algorithmic
interview question right after this
follow for part three where there's
another goal which is passing the
LinkedIn skill assessments that's also
pretty important sample interview
question goes imagine a blank HTML page
three buttons two of them are the same
color third is a different color and
four paragraphs that alternate whether
they are bold or not so the question is
give me two different ways to style each
of these components which do you prefer
and why now give me two ways that when I
click the third button that it's a
different color it will toggle the
background color of the whole HTML page
which of those two implementations you
prefer and why

URL: https://youtu.be/L-7wHfsIRFE
Title: Vandivier be a perfectionist on your side projects, not with your coworkers
Transcript:
I previously talked about how you can
land a programming role as a
perfectionist Now's the Time where I
need to tell you that sustaining
perfectionism is bad for your long-term
career growth using Perfection as an
identity standard is ultimately harmful
to yourself and those around you just
try to work on one thing at a time in
programming we call this yagni

URL: https://youtu.be/Y0yVbl_J_2A
Transcript:
Bonnie Lee asked reactor view he asked
us to help his friend decide so it
depends on your goal but if your goal is
to land a job Vue has about 5 000 jobs
on indeed right now react is 10x at 50
000 this is for the United States check
for your area but that's why I recommend
react

URL: https://youtu.be/OWywJB2bAbM
Transcript:
nacho says I think the creator of
core.js has been looking for a job for
years now it's crazy how many times this
announcement has been shown on
everyone's terminals core.js gets 34
million downloads per week how does he
not have a job yet the answer is because
he's in jail for manslaughter

URL: https://youtu.be/bEGz7cUeZG0
Title: basically yes im interested in fixing the economy
Transcript:
so when I was in high school my parents
said hey you need to go to college so
that you can get a well-paying job and I
thought oh if the purpose of college is
to get money let's make it a field
related to money so I thought maybe
accounting Finance economics business
something like that and then I thought
well accounting is super boring and all
of these other degrees are essentially
subfields of Economics so let's go for
economics it's like the top order money
degree so I did that and while I was
studying I said hey I'm kind of good at
this what's better than just improving
my own financial situation is actually
fixing the economy so I double majored
in political science and uh moved up to
DC and I thought I'd be able to like fix
the American economy by contributing to
policy I got there did some political
Consulting and realized like no one
cares you have a bachelor's degree so I
went and got a master's in public policy
with an emphasis in fiscal policy from
George Mason University
and I talked to some people after I got
the degree and they said hey good job
like we don't care that you have a
master's either you're going to need a
higher degree so I enrolled in the PHD
program and about that time I realized I
was sick of politics and I became
persuaded that the political system is
like not Progressive and not a good way
to improve social welfare but technology
is and I learned out how to code anyway
because I had built campaign sites
starting with WordPress in my own site
and getting more and more accustomed
until I could just full-on program so I
switched careers into becoming a
programmer
meanwhile I didn't want to drop out of a
PhD program so I finished it but I
managed to point the thesis in the
direction of
economics of Education in the tech
industry so my thesis is three essays in
post-secondary alternative credentials
with a focus on
certifications in coding boot camps and
so forth and I think it's eventually
going to dovetail I'll be able to
influence the tech
hiring and firing and performance review
process
probably once I get to the director
level or higher that's what I'm still
planning to do and also trying to make
an impact through laterally so check out
the bio for that

URL: https://youtu.be/WAV-sNkgCGU
Title: OOP vs React Hooks
Transcript:
think about a time they use a custom
hook and a functional component come on
first of all I'm a real programmer I use
oop I'm not a functional programmer so I
stick with react 15.

URL: https://youtu.be/JS5-LVpJb-M
Title: Whacha looking at baby?
Transcript:
[Music]
in the making

URL: https://youtu.be/fAFPsj9sGis
Transcript:
daily reminder that react will provide
you more job opportunities than python
new day fresh search consistent data
python is associated with a data science
Niche unless you want to work in data
science go for JavaScript but low-key
either one of these would be more than
twice as good as PHP

URL: https://youtu.be/KvfPOPO6bP0
Title: take these skill assessments to get a coding job
Transcript:
let's talk about skill assessments take
LinkedIn indeed.com and pluralsight
skill IQ they're all free take
pluralsight skill IQ first you want to
get proficient or better you can take
this one over and over even if you fail
indeed LinkedIn have six month cooldown
after fail get assessed for HTML CSS
JavaScript and react

URL: https://youtu.be/eR41JaKKl5k
Title: I think is better than for juniors
Transcript:
it's multi-use you can use it for data
analysis machine learning and learn
react not python data analysis and
machine learning isn't multi-use that's
the same use case JavaScript is truly
multi-use it's the go-to language for
full stack development don't take my
word for it check the stack Overflow
developer survey

URL: https://youtu.be/_nex0G_LRd4
Title: Building in Public: Where??
Transcript:
if you're learning to code where should
you go to start engaging social
communities and building in public check
out the open source endorse Community
guide from laterally slides you're
already doing the right thing by asking
questions on Tick Tock but you want to
make sure that you're creating original
content and engaging on all five of
these platforms follow for more

URL: https://youtu.be/pZj--PpvsBI
Title: The 15 Most Important CSS Rules
Transcript:
learning CSS part 303 what specific
rules do you need to know I think you'll
be sufficiently equipped with the 15
roles in this video five on the screen
now
here are five more
and the last five note these are grouped
rules with variations like padding tops
the variation of padding

URL: https://youtu.be/cZYsqIsm6cQ
Title: Coding is Different
Transcript:
oh bro who got you crying like that
oof programming don't be like that
though just want to let you know if you
have this thought of like sitting all
day in a cubicle that's not what
programming is these days you can work
remote Nomad lifestyle if you want

URL: https://youtu.be/zID5RsGkq9Q
Title: Learn React in 7 Days!?
Transcript:
I learned react.js in seven days says
YouTuber keep on coding he used the
udemy course in the middle of the screen
over 2 000 reviews 4.5 stars is this
something that you would use for a
resource if you were learning to code
comment why or why not

URL: https://youtu.be/SfcZNoRzMlU
Title: to lives what got you interested in coding?
Transcript:
I started coding about 10 years ago out
of a desire for advancement and
curiosity I was working for a company
they were going to pay an agency like
over 10 grand to build a website I'd had
a WordPress blog for a while so I
convinced them to let me try building it
internally instead of paying the agency

URL: https://youtu.be/0ZiRjLj5Q34
Transcript:
when I started programming the worst
advice I received was you need to know
multiple languages one language is not
enough what was the worst advice you
received

URL: https://youtu.be/aeuKSpQ2tsc
Title: Punish Students for Copying Code?
Transcript:
so lovely's coding asks if you're a
teacher Professor teaching programming
would you punish students for copying
code so I do teach people to code leave
a comment if you're interested in
learning to code but if you don't know
what to do and if you don't go to Google
within 10 seconds I'm offended being
able to quickly identify and use quality
reference code is a key skill

URL: https://youtu.be/PZUB8eCVcnM
Title: Immigration helps the economy!
Transcript:
dear fellow Americans if you actually
want to improve the economy and help the
poor eliminate the highlighted provision
make it easier to get a Visa as it
stands U.S companies cannot hire the
best talent they cannot operate
efficiently it ends up hurting us all
through higher costs of goods and lower
quality of goods when our companies
aren't

URL: https://youtu.be/UT--knWG6vM
Transcript:
things I learned at pycon part one the
opening keynote was a great
communication skills for developers talk
on screen now are five specific
techniques that were discussed as part
of this talk follow for more things I
learned at pycon

URL: https://youtu.be/AUfO07i6RqM
Title: Work Hard, Get Treats
Transcript:
hey let's unbox this rewards pack that I
got from Super Bass for winning a
hackathon
I have not looked in here yet
uh looks like a coaster
engraved
stickers for the win
a phone stand
merch one two three that's awesome this
is really what it's about we got the
purple
limited edition purple Super Bass logo
I will be wearing this often guaranteed
we got the pocket in there XL I love the
extra space
and there's still a bit of a thing here
water
bottle just twist off the top
shout out to Super Bass for the stuff
love the clothes
probably my favorite thing is the
clothes and the stickers well the water
bottle is cool too
and you know what it goes together
because I can put the water bottle on
the uh
coaster so we love a coordinated party
pack thank you so much by the way if you
want to learn the code follow the page I
do read comments if you want to know
about anything in particular drop it in
the comments hope to hear from you soon

URL: https://youtu.be/Vw3xz3sF8tM
Title: I smell BIAS
Transcript:
new being update now with sexism I guess
and or racism I know I'm not the only
one who thinks this is a little bit
funny and a little bit scary at the same
time I asked Bing to make a mock graph
of increasing monthly expenses and it
picked a bunch of white women

URL: https://youtu.be/bSEOMAk8obo
Title: Learn React not C
Transcript:
four reasons most people want to learn
react not C plus plus one C plus plus is
low level that makes you deal with
difficult Concepts like memory
management react is high level and it's
also multi-use so you can do a lot of
stuff with it websites mobile games and
so on two C plus plus is most commonly
used in the gaming industry which among
programming circles is known for poor
work-life balance and low maximum salary
even late into your career building on
the point about salary 92k out of the
gate for react and 90k for C plus plus
this is not late into your career this
is out of the gate so they're comparable
but one is more work for less money
before you get paid you got to get a job
66 000 jobs available for C plus plus
twice that many for react developers by
the time you know react you also know
JavaScript so you're going to be able to
tap multiple job opportunities follow my
channel and I'll give you a list of the
many job titles that are available to
you if you do know react bonus reason
number five from a stack Overflow survey
Link in the description more purple than
blue means even experienced developers
dread C plus plus

URL: https://youtu.be/jhRSmoKKDXg
Title: ü§ñ AI is wild
Transcript:
pretty girls walk like this these these
these pretty girls walk like this

URL: https://youtu.be/BtlvdUlqSL4
Title: 2023 Mid-Year Pay Report
Transcript:
levels.fyi just released the 2023
mid-year pay report link pinned in the
comments the tldr here is that salaries
are going back up the job market is
starting to look better for programmers

URL: https://youtu.be/lrgy93kNUi0
Title: - Land a Coding Job 420 is all it takes to code!
Transcript:
affordability is the third reason you
should learn to code with the meta
front-end developer certificate from
Coursera the seven month course is
included in Coursera plus which is 59
same price as code academy for better
outcomes 60 bucks for seven months is
420 which is cheaper than a single
Community College course

URL: https://youtu.be/8mdqTHjo2v0
Title: patterns over problems üîë
Transcript:
blind 75 is old and it prioritizes
problems over patterns state of the end
I'll show you the difference but
basically you want this article instead
so two plus two is a problem but
addition is an algorithm so you know in
the second stage to move from right to
left because you have to carry the one
but yeah if you already did line 75 go
ahead and apply

URL: https://youtu.be/fr9kxvAHYW0
Title: Follow the YT! We love
Transcript:
in this video I'll explain why I've been
really focusing on YouTube shorts
recently got my first video over a
thousand views within 12 hours had my
second one this is a big deal because
YouTube transcribes those videos for
free with his open source tool I'm
building I can turn that text into open
source educational material

URL: https://youtu.be/QbuFrN7iOQo
Title: Python for DevOps?
Transcript:
this user says python for devops I agree
but it's not really clear-cut let me
give you a few reasons why core skills
and devops are going to be Docker and
Bash and also infrastructure setting up
infrastructure in some Cloud environment
often AWS if you have those many
companies don't care what programming
language you have a background in but
they do care that you have some
programming background so I don't think
any Juniors should be going directly
into devops it's really hard to
understand what's going on if you have
no technical background so devops I see
is an intermediate to senior plus role
where usually you have some Junior
experience programming something
here you can see devops engineer it is a
specialty so the job count is kind of
low look at this top result here's the
skills for the top result willing to do
the job and learn they specify
Technologies like Docker and AWS
infrastructure but they don't specify a
language it's really common not to
specify a language for devops I went
through the top 10 on indeed four
specified some languages one was only
JavaScript three were like python or
Ruby or Java

URL: https://youtu.be/e-EmiGPZZIM
Title: Stack Overflow vs Tiobe Index??
Transcript:
there is an index that actually tracks
the popularity of languages PGT thanks
for suggesting the tyobi index I love
the data-driven approach there was no
information for me so I checked it out
but I had a really negative experience I
think on JavaScript it matches a bunch
of wrong keywords it doesn't match for
react angular ecmascript es6 a bunch of
other things like that we'd be searching
for so what I'd recommend people do
instead is look to the stack Overflow
developer survey which is like a really
common reference anyway
and I think there you'll see that the
answer is learn react not python
and yes of course the optimal technology
for your project depends on your project
requirements but we need an intelligent
default for people who are just starting
out they're overwhelmed with options
again JavaScript has platform
flexibility
Etc
yeah if this is new information for you
if you're a viewer follow my channel hit
the like button
and we'll teach you how to code

URL: https://youtu.be/kNujI4TbmSg
Title: The ultimate
Transcript:
hey gang welcome to vs code Pro tips
with John when he's two plus cups of
copies deep Let's Go Peep the ultimate
productivity theme hack control shift p
go to preferences for color theme click
light

URL: https://youtu.be/MMAggMAWPXo
Title: Break Into Tech Advice
Transcript:
there's one thing you can do if you're a
self-taught developer or a boot camp
graduate they'll set you above your
competition and even above people that
have a college degree that is
demonstrate that you have soft skills
architect is 100 right use that pre-tech
background to show employers you have
what they want

URL: https://youtu.be/29JlyN-m1cQ
Title: Learn Redux in 3 Minutes
Transcript:
learn react part five let's talk about
Redux Redux is a global State manager
that uses a special data structure
called a store to manage state in Native
react every component has its own State
when we talk about application State
what we're really talking about in
Native react is properties being passed
from parent to child and possibly from
the very top level component all the way
down to the very bottom level component
a problem occurs because if I am in a
particular child component and I have
some error with some State that's coming
from my parent I don't know if it came
from my immediate parent my grandparent
or an ancestor far up the tree
potentially all the way to the top this
makes debugging really hard it's also
not ergonomic for developers to pass
States sideways or oblique through the
state tree or the component tree Redux
solves all these problems with a global
State container called a store
components directly speak with the store
and now debugging is easy you or just
getting your state from your store and
you can always just go right there and
debug it you can choose to manage State
globally with a global object just an
object on the Windows scope Redux
instead uses a store which is an object
light data structure that includes
functions to read and write data and
it's also immutable how do you read and
write data to an immutable object
technically you can't so we don't call
these functions Getters and Setters we
call them selectors and reducers
the reducer is actually a special
Factory function whenever you run a
reducer function it creates a whole new
store and replaces the previous one it
does not update the previous one by
reference a selector selects values out
very much just like a getter function
selectors and reducers are two kinds of
functions you can run on the store in
general we just call them actions
there's a third catch-all term which is
middleware so you can do selector
reducer in middleware using an immutable
object that's replaced completely works
well with reacts change detection it
also enables features like time
traveling because we can keep track of
the transactions that is those functions
which update the store and result in
replacement of the store again really
good for debugging because the store is
constantly being replaced we can't
maintain a buy reference relationship we
need to maintain a by value relationship
that's why selectors are functions you
can select out the value on any instance
and all of these actions selectors
reducers and middleware are run in a
queue and it's basically a callback
queue and to place your function into
the queue we call that dispatching so
you're going to dispatch an action and
all that means is that you're going to
place one of these functions in a queue
and it's going to run on the normal
react change detection life cycle and
that's it you now know the basics of
Redux you can create your own global
object and use object.freeze and you'll
basically have a store the only
difference is you won't have those Redux
specific function names to replace your
store but it's really very much doing
the same thing last thing I would
mention here is that there's one super
special kind of middleware which is
called a thunk callback functions are
usually synchronous but the thunk will
allow you to have an async callback so
you can do HTTP requests and cache the
results in your store

URL: https://youtu.be/Uz7_QAInqpo
Title: Accessibility / 508 expertise will set u above other juniors
Transcript:
so you learned react and you are on your
job search there are some optional
skills that you can pick up that will
help set you apart one is expertise with
accessibility or 508 compliance as they
call it in Government Contracting study
Arya controls and color contrast

URL: https://youtu.be/QtseM6K4j0k
Transcript:
stop comparing yourself to the program
where you want to be and start comparing
yourself to the programmer you were a
year ago

URL: https://youtu.be/OM9732jVG2Y
Title: PUT YO TOKENS IN THE AIRRRR
Transcript:
let's talk about Jason Webb tokens in my
bathroom visit jwt.io if you want to
review the spec and get more technical
but basically a Json web token is a
string that has a subsection that can be
trivially decoded using base64. what
data does it contain when you decode it
the answer is whatever you want it's
commonly used for sessions but there's
no reason you can't put other stuff in
there jwe is an encrypted Json web token
this is a great practice if you want to
put email or other sensitive information
inside of the token you can encrypt it
assigned JWT is another secure practice
that can be used in conjunction with or
apart from encryption you can even sign
tokens that aren't jwts like database
tokens using a sign token allows your
server to verify that the token
originated from a server that has access
to the secret key a signed token is
often used to verify server authenticity
you can use a csrf token totally
different token to verify client
persistence as opposed to like a man in
the middle stateless sessions in session
forwarding are two cool features you can
do with these tokens my favorite option
is the encrypted version

URL: https://youtu.be/fuMQa-BkUaQ
Title: Leetcode Mastery??
Transcript:
so this is in response to Brandon J Peck
who stated that big tech companies value
algorithm interviews because they signal
Conformity conscientiousness or grit and
IQ and I agree with that you don't have
to have very high IQ but it does signal
satisfaction of a threshold what I
wanted to add there is that these
credentials are not necessary for lower
to mid-tier employment prospects this is
specifically for big Tech and for
advanced skill sets by that time
everyone has the basics down and you
need a really difficult indicator to
separate between a bunch of really good
people and like the really top top one
percent mastering algorithm interviews
is not necessary if you're switching
into career into programming for a
junior to mid-level role that's what I
wanted to add thanks

URL: https://youtu.be/WTUkjjxoD9k
Title: You're gonna get paid a lot to fix Jenkins jobs
Transcript:
day of life and the software engineer as
a software engineer so I restarted my
Jenkins job and it failed so I fixed it
and I restarted it again and it failed
for a different reason and I just did
that all day

URL: https://youtu.be/WLMFlVFabTI
Title: vs code smth smth
Transcript:
so if you're a modern web developer vs
code is the state-of-the-art sublime is
old atom is old no one uses webstorm
webstorm is the IDE you use if you're a
Java developer trying to learn front-end
development Microsoft owns vs code they
develop typescript typescript is like
the gold standard in front of language
now but let's give some data
stack share vs code has over 10x
followers
slant.co has about 5x vs code responses
the ratio is roughly equal maybe
slightly better for vs code G2 and other
common software comparison website has
the review rating approximately equal on
average but about 3x the responses for
vs code so vs code is a lot more popular
it's also not only free but open source
so you can customize it to your own
liking webstorm of course is closed
source so yeah I've worked at Capital
One the College Board Blue Cross for
front end we always use vs code it's
like it's the standard
um notepad plus plus is cholo

URL: https://youtu.be/uVxhCOKdUrw
Title: 4 Things I Wish I Knew B4 College
Transcript:
thing you wish you learned during your
degree or job training program but
didn't four things one learning to code
is a lot easier than I thought it was
based on my school experience two you
don't need a degree three if you get a
degree it's fine if it's like a business
major something easy of course that some
doctoral degrees have a negative Roi

URL: https://youtu.be/cs-8bUT_oPw
Title: Do you need to know Promise vs Callback?
Transcript:
this Twitter user asks should an
interviewee know the difference between
a callback and a promise and understand
how to permissify a callback I think yes
the interviewee needs to know the
difference they may not understand the
word promisify but they should be able
to work with you through that problem

URL: https://youtu.be/tpAG0JERUMU
Title: Tech Behavioral Interview Example Answer
Transcript:
so tell me about a time that you solved
a problem using logic thanks for the
question so echoing back the question it
was tell me about a time where I solved
a problem using logic so two key words
that stuck out to me there are problem
and logic and so to me this sounds more
like a story where I did some
troubleshooting or I fixed a bug instead
of one where I just like implemented a
new feature requirement so when I think
about logic obviously programming every
day
um maybe a more interesting case of
logic is like math and then how does
math relate to programming one way is uh
Telemetry or metrics like monitoring and
stuff so I'm going to tell you about a
time where I had to debug a production
issue using Telemetry how I solved it
made sure it never happened again so you
know previously when I worked at a
different company I got this production
outage notification on pagerduty went
into Splunk did some debugging and found
out what component that was associated
with was able to narrow a window pin it
to a release solve that issue and add
some tests to ruin it from happening
again

URL: https://youtu.be/_PAcet20R0Q
Title: how a sr picks an application starter
Transcript:
great question let me show you how an
experienced engineer thinks to this
question the first place you go is the
official documentation search here we
see these installation instructions
there's a bit of a problem here already
because we want to think backwards from
how we are going to deploy and this
requires us to use a traditional
long-lived server as opposed to a
serverless function this is where
sometimes as a senior developer you just
know things and so I just know that
versel is like the place to go today so
if you need runtime server-side logic
I'd recommend the dino runtime from
Purcell but maybe you don't need runtime
server-side logic maybe you can build a
static site and deploy it on GitHub
Pages you're going to be using GitHub
for your repository anyway right Dino is
really strong at this you can see three
projects they're all three good I would
go for the top one first because it's
official from Dino itself if you click
the top link they even provide a GitHub
action for you that'll build your site
whenever you push up to your GitHub
wrench great question hope this helped
follow for more programming things

URL: https://youtu.be/Oe2wWaHFJ64
Title: React vs Angular in 2021
Transcript:
kinda original thanks for the question
short answer react is going to help you
get a better job faster let's look at
some data this data is in a U.S context
38 000 jobs today only about 16 for
angular and that's including deprecated
angularjs salaries lower too booyah

URL: https://youtu.be/JOu5HnRQ_dw
Title: Google Q Quick he's great
Transcript:
let's Network at the learn build
teachmeat and greet June 8th Discord
info on this GitHub

URL: https://youtu.be/hRsiDlM5fM4
Transcript:
what language should I learn beginners
should learn react not Python and yes
later in your career you will learn
whatever else has projects required
react is going to help you get that
first job you need a JavaScript for the
website you didn't need python you can
start with a simple text file no
installation

URL: https://youtu.be/EzMKBc8VRTM
Title: GET FOLLOWERS WITH 1 TRICK
Transcript:
content creators you need to hear this
you need a hook
that's why this guy just straight up
says follow me if you want to live
follow me if you want to live sense of
urgency he's got 46 followers

URL: https://youtu.be/0kwgv0-Knu4
Transcript:
part two building an AI tool for the
Super Bass hackathon the initial stream
is on YouTube I'll be doing another one
later today and here's the repository
you can go to a pull request right now
it's called rect this tool listens to
tick tocks and it makes four outputs
check the readme for more and follow for
part three

URL: https://youtu.be/EUMKWSR0MDI
Title: Listing Contract work on LinkedIn
Transcript:
how do you list contract work to
contract to hire work look at this Old
Linkedin entry that I used to have how
confusing is that I was contract to hire
at saic then I went direct but that's
not really communicated is it LinkedIn
now lets you pick that you worked
contract and it's much cleaner like the
Amazon entry there

URL: https://youtu.be/daBx6RPWyD8
Title: Uncovering the Career Benefits of Online Learning That You Won't Believe
Transcript:
career outcomes did you achieve by
enrolling in the most recent Coursera
course or program that you completed I
think this is the most most appropriate
numbers
is they increased uh they got a new job
17 increased salary or pay 18 increased
job interview offers 19 percent

URL: https://youtu.be/Mb1YZ3ThTwk
Title: selection bias be like
Transcript:
nanu asked which platform do you use the
most on Twitter this is a Twitter survey
to which I responded selection bias be
like

URL: https://youtu.be/FXMI9tZQqd4
Title: brb gotta shave
Transcript:
hey happy Tuesday just want to let you
know that WebMD said that
hypercaffeination can lead to ADHD like
symptoms and I felt attacked
this is the last time you're going to
see my hair like that take it in

URL: https://youtu.be/Unj5NLNTkLY
Title: How To Install SuperAGI - Multiple Agents, GUI, Tools, and more!
Transcript:
this is super AGI it's essentially Auto
GPT on steroids it can use tools it can
run multiple agents in parallel it has a
graphical user interface it's super easy
to install and they're adding new
functionality every single day welcome
back in today's video I'm going to show
you how to install super AGI and also
how to use it it has a lot of
functionality I'm going to show you
around some of it and then I encourage
you to play around with it let's go so
this is the GitHub repo for super AGI
it's by Transformer Optimus and it's
currently on GitHub trending it has a
lot of functionality let's review some
of it really quick and then I'm going to
get into the installation guide so first
obviously you can provision spawn and
deploy autonomous AI agents a couple
things that it does better than Auto GPT
is the fact that you can extend it with
a bunch of different tools right out of
the box it also has a graphical user
interface and you can run agents
concurrently here are some of the tools
that it has so slack email Google search
GitHub zapier Instagram and it's all
wrapped up in a Docker image so it's
super easy to install let me show you
how to do that the first thing you're
going to need to do is get Docker so go
to docker.com download Docker install it
and then have it up and running this is
what it looks like and you could just
keep that on in the background next
we're going to open a visual studio code
then we're going to click this little
button in the top right that says toggle
panel that'll open up our terminal
within Visual Studio code next on the
repo page we're going to click this
little green code button and then we're
going to copy the URL once the terminal
opens up we're going to type CD change
directory and change to our desktop from
there we're going to type git clone and
then paste that URL that we just copied
hit enter and that'll clone it to our
desktop then we're going to come up to
this Explorer icon we're going to click
it we're going to click open folder and
then we're going to select Super AGI and
click open then again in the top right
we're going to toggle panel so that'll
open up our terminal and while that's
opening the next thing we're going to do
is right click on config underscore
template.yaml and we're going to rename
it and we're just going to rename it
fig.yaml and that's where we're going to
store all our environment variables so
this is where you're going to put your
pine cone key your openai key your
Google key everything anything else that
you want to use this is where you put it
so for example if you want to use email
you can do it from here today we're just
going to be using open AI Pinecone and
Google search the next thing you're
going to do is create an API key with
open AI so if you don't already have an
account sign up for openai then navigate
to
platform.openai.com account slash
api-keys we're going to click create new
key right here we're going to name it
super2 because I already have a super
then I'm just going to say create secret
key I'm going to copy it and don't worry
I'm going to revoke all of these Keys
before publishing this video then I'm
going to come back to the repo
specifically the config.yaml file I'm
going to find the open AI key right
there and I'm going to paste it and save
the next thing we need is a pine cone
API key so if you're using a free
Pinecone account you can only have one
index at a time I've already created one
so I'm going to go ahead and delete it
and then on the left over here we're
going to click API keys I'm going to
click create new API key and then enter
the key name I'm going to call it super2
again create key I'll copy the key value
we're going to switch back to visual
studio code and then at the very top it
says your Pinecone API key we're going
to paste over that but we also need the
Pinecone environment so if I switch back
this is the Pinecone environment right
there I'm going to copy that as well and
I'm going to paste it and save the next
thing we're going to do is get the
Google API key so you're going to come
to Google cloud services right here
under API and services click it now I
already have one called super AGI so I'm
just going to use that again but if you
don't you're going to click this and
create a new project then up here you
can search for different resources so
you're going to type custom search API
and then under Marketplace it says
custom search API you're going to go
ahead and click that manage create
credentials and then you're just going
to say custom search API right there
we're going to use the application data
option and no we're not using any of
these then you click next then from here
we're going to type super AGI it's going
to create the service account ID
automatically or can generate it and
then you can have a description but you
don't need it create and continue select
a role this is optional we're going to
skip over that and then Grant users
access to this account and we don't need
to do that either so I click done then
on the left side we're going to click
credentials at the top we're going to
click create credentials and we need an
API key it's creating one now I'm going
to copy that close it we're going to
switch back to the config.yaml file and
we're going to place it right here over
the Google API key then save the last
thing we need is the search engine ID
and you're going to get that from this
programmable search engine website it's
kind of weird that you need this but you
do and I'm going to drop all these links
in the description below so from here
click get started I already have one
super AGI but if you didn't you're going
to click add you can add a search engine
name and then just create it it's pretty
straightforward but we're going to use
our existing one super AGI right there
and then we need this search engine ID
I'm going to copy it we're going to
switch back to the config.yaml file and
place that right there click save now we
we have everything we need now to
install super AGI we need to do two
things with Docker the first thing we
need to do is type Docker Dash compose
up Dash Dash build and then hit enter
and that's going to build everything
from our repository and again you do
need Docker up and running for this to
work the nice thing about Docker is
you're likely not going to run into any
of the Python versioning issues the
module missing issues that I know so
many of you ask about I run into that
every single time so it's really nice
that the engineers put this together
okay this is what it looks like when
it's up and running then the last thing
we've got to do is just go to localhost
so go to your browser type localhost
colon 3000 and then hit enter and there
it is here's super AGI this is what a
fresh install looks like when you first
get started so we're going to go over to
this agents tab right here we're going
to click create agent I'm going to say
this is a test agent we do need a
description so testing and then we can
add one or many goals here so we're
going to say research AI topics for
YouTube videos that's the only goal that
I'm going to give it and if you have
gpt4 API access you can select it here
but if not you can always go with GPT
3.5 turbo so I'm going to go with turbo
for now because it's really fast and
here is where you select the tools so
these are the tools that super AGI has
to use let's look at them read email
send email append file delete file the
one that we definitely want is Google
search read file and write file
everything else I encourage you to play
around with and find what works for you
it also gives us some Advanced options
but I'm not going to go through that now
and the nice thing is super AGI seems to
figure out what tools it needs as it
goes then we click this button create
and run and it starts there it's
thinking it has all of the details of
this agent and again the nice thing is
you can have multiple agents running in
parallel now if you want to see a little
bit more information about what's going
on switch back to visual studio code and
you can actually look through the logs
of what it's doing alright there it goes
so I am a test agent my role is testing
it gives a whole bunch of information I
think this is all the prompts and if we
scroll down here's the next thing it's
going to do determine which next command
to use and respond using the format
specified above thoughts to achieve my
goal I should start by performing a
Google search to find relevant AI topics
here's a Google search returned and then
it gives us a bunch of information
returned from the Google search and
it'll continue on here's the next
thought I should save the relevant
information to a file for future
reference plan save the AI topics to a
file so it automatically grabs the tool
write file and it wrote it to a file
called AI underscore topics dot txt
really really cool and it thinks it's
finished since I have completed my goal
of researching AI topics for YouTube
videos I should use the Finish command
it also includes criticism just like
Auto GPT does so it's thinking and then
also criticizing its own thoughts and
planning around those criticisms so
that's super AGI now you know how to
install it and run it play around with
it let me know what you think if you
have any questions feel free to jump in
our Discord I'm happy to answer
questions there and let me know what you
build with super AGI if you like this
video please consider giving a like can
subscribe and I'll see in the next one

URL: https://youtu.be/k2CSCZWCcSA
Transcript:
so you decide to learn to code awesome
do you need a mentor
um actually you don't but I'm going to
argue that even though you don't need it
it could still be a really great idea so
how do mentors add value I'm going to
argue in a couple ways we know there's
like the social way right where they can
connect you to people that they know are
hiring give your referral give you a
reference help you prep for that
interview I think another way is that
mentors actually help you learn better
let's compare you going to free code
Camp by yourself versus with a mentor by
yourself you're not really sure which
certificate to take so you have to knock
them all out that's like thousands of
hours of work a good Mentor would tell
you you only need the top three and even
those have some sections you can skip
like the JavaScript Frameworks one has a
section on jQuery you really don't need
that so we save you time which adds
value to you but more importantly we can
accelerate and decelerate as needed
tailored to you let's say you get stuck
on a place in free code Camp if it's you
by yourself you're just beating your
head against the wall reading the same
text over and over a good Mentor will
help the concept Click by reframing the
same concept in different contexts did
you know that the free codecamp
curriculum is dated a good Mentor or
what

URL: https://youtu.be/aCo19UfJWm8
Title: College Degree is NEVER worth it!! üò°üò°
Transcript:
is it worth getting a bachelor software
engineering degree no it is never worth
getting a degree for computers hey big
respect to Dev slopes I like what they
do on YouTube I follow them gotta
disagree in this case because the word
never is too strong there are cases
where the degree helps by the way I have
a PhD in economics and this is my
dissertation topic so Google my name
John VanDevere and Google Scholar so
getting a degree will improve your high
rate passing interviews and so forth
It's not needed but it will improve your
higher rate so if you can pay a low
enough price the return on investment is
there here's a great price you can play
zero dollars Walmart Guild education
partnership you get a computer science
degree for zero dollars if you're at
least a part-time associate
so that's definitely worth it
um it's true you can just go to a boot
camp I'd probably prefer a effective
boot camp to the average American degree
but if you can get a deal on it that's a
great way to go

URL: https://youtu.be/DJEvOLxhy4Q
Title: Interviews: STAR Method Tools!!
Transcript:
I just got done with a four hour stream
making a basic react application here's
the name below Starboy part two check it
out if you want to learn how a basic
react application works including
deployment to GitHub Pages anecdote
organizer based on the star method that
major tech companies will use for their
behavioral interviews the idea here is
that it's almost like a flash card
application to help you remember all of
the key points of your anecdotes and to
practice telling that story pretty
simple stuff we got three buttons up at
the top you can add a new anecdote card
you see I click that and it'll put a
blank one up there for me I can click in
here and fill it out I can import an
anecdote Json file and then after I make
whatever edits I make I can export that
and save it so it's using your local
computer instead of like a database
somewhere else so if that interests you
if you want to learn how to code destroy
that like button like I upvoted these
guys give it back to the community
follow my channel I'll see you around

URL: https://youtu.be/bb7C0Rw8pvg
Title: YOUR RESUME: FIXEDüí™üí™
Transcript:
three major keys to land your next
interview follow my channel if you want
to learn to code but this information
will apply even outside of the IT
industry your resume is a tool to get
your next interview and the enemy of
your resume is the applicant tracking
system indeed.com knows how to beat the
ATS because they built it so twenty
dollars for their resume review is an
absolute steal they'll give you feedback
to improve your resume if it's hard for
you to incorporate that feedback don't
worry they'll rewrite the resume for you
for an additional fee now that you got a
rock solid resume it's time for major
key 2 which is to blast that resume out
two birds with one stone indeed.com can
help you do that I also like the
ladders.com in the lower left and
Linkedin Jobs major key 3 is social
follow-up use LinkedIn to directly
message somebody that works at the
company to which you just applied
hopefully a recruiter you can ask them
for an informational interview you can
ask them to review your resume low
effort thing most people will be happy
to engage that conversation with you if
this helped like the video leave a
comment have a great day

URL: https://youtu.be/DrF10fkNE2k
Transcript:
subtle psychologically proven things to
get your interviewer to like you a
little bit smile during your interview
majority of the candidates that I
interview they'll start out happy
they'll be like Jerry I'm so

URL: https://youtu.be/poelUPSqyTs
Title: Einstein be like
Transcript:
it is not so very important for a person
to learn facts for that he does not
really need a college he can learn them
from books the value of an education in
a liberal arts college is not the
learning of many facts but the training
of the mind to think something that
cannot be learned from textbooks thanks
sdman120 for reminding us of Einstein

URL: https://youtu.be/ouvQSaTux1c
Title: Brown creator disagrees with the creation??! üå∂Ô∏è
Transcript:
CEO of openai Sam Altman said I think
definitely one of the tech industry's
worst mistake gpt4 disagrees after
pointing out some initial pros and cons
I asked it to defend a particular view
it said it's a net win for Tech further
GPT says Sam's comments are not fair and
accurate

URL: https://youtu.be/Lm-2FbcdusE
Title: Frontend Big Tech Interviews
Transcript:
this is a great question with front and
style interview we mean using front-end
Technologies basically web Technologies
and the emphasis here is really just
going to be JavaScript specific
experience I had at Facebook I was asked
to implement basically topological sort
although they give they didn't say that
but um as you work through the problem
you figured out that you were trying to
topologically sort promises
so promises are specific to JavaScript
the implementation
using crutch API was JavaScript specific
it involved Dom elements sometimes
you'll get problems with dom elements
and they'll often be your standard dsna
leak code stuff kind of in Disguise so
you might have string manipulation array
manipulation sorting problems but you'll
be using constructs that are sort of
like front-end constructs like the Dom
um Dom fragments promises stuff like
that I would say my general advice these
days is for big Tech like don't do the
front install interview I think they're
actually harder

URL: https://youtu.be/KFYvESH1jxU
Title: Whiteboard Interviews: ick
Transcript:
fried shrimp 2011. thank you so much
wanted to share this with the community
don't mind my sweat I always say
Googling is the number one developer
skill this is no exception so you're
going to see a result like this it's not
a specific repo it's a bunch of results
that's intentional you don't need
algorithms for a coding job

URL: https://youtu.be/vT56_9nF2Kw
Title: Pick JavaScript!
Transcript:
so if you ask me to pick one language a
new developer should learn I'm going to
pick JavaScript and the react framework
on top of that this graphic from slash
data source pen in the comments it
highlights a couple reasons for that but
you can also see it's a simplification
if your goal is data science maybe you
want a different language

URL: https://youtu.be/BtB2Pl0Hjho
Title: Never Too Late
Transcript:
so if you get a job at Walmart Target or
certain other companies even part-time
they'll send you to college for free
also I can teach you how to code or you
can teach yourself you just need to
Google it and stick with it for a while
or you could go to a boot camp you got
options girl

URL: https://youtu.be/PXlu_muBa5U
Title: You DONT need this in CSS
Transcript:
let's talk about the number one
programming language CSS
did you get triggered here in part one
three things you don't need to learn
follow to learn what you do need to
learn CSS animations CSS grid and
preprocessors like SAS you don't need
these before diving into JavaScript

URL: https://youtu.be/Mue9ijHr1uQ
Title: (as a coder) Saturday Brunch (in my YouTube era)
Transcript:
all right so what am I having for brunch
at my home before I stream coding
Celsius I'm a hoe for these now
um this I made myself that's chocolate
raspberries pumpkin seeds walnuts on top
of berry kefir and this is leftovers
rice bowl and stroganoff

URL: https://youtu.be/tPkdee1Zw_w
Title: Coding Project Organization
Transcript:
Devin asked is your project file
structure organized by feature or file
type I said by page is better than by
feature she asked me to clarify what I
do with my models and stores feel free
to pause and read the details basically
my stores are API driven Blitz and next
to this out of the box pin comment for
more details

URL: https://youtu.be/MolW9-OZpLY
Title: Day 13 of teaching tech in my YouTube Era
Transcript:
day 13 of my YouTube era I'm about to go
live stream coding and have office hours
where I answer your questions live I
post a lot of content in my YouTube era
only posting it to YouTube so check the
link in my bio this is day 13 out of 90
of my YouTube era where I won't be
posting as much to tick tock

URL: https://youtu.be/AxAgDkGth3c
Transcript:
Builder Tom thanks for the question so
react is just a rendering Library Blitz
is a opinionated full stack framework so
Bliss is going to do things like routing
for you out of the box in an opinionated
way Blitz is a framework on top of
next.js one of the unique opinions about
Blitz is that it uses react query as
opposed to Redux for State Management
and uh like caching and HTTP requests
and stuff like that Blitz also includes
Prisma and typescript out of the box so
here's the website check it out at the
top we can see flight control that's
another thing to mention Blitz has its
own infrastructure that is purpose built
to host Blitz that's a work in progress
but it's called flight control it's
going to be sort of like versel or
Railway but specifically for Blitz and
at the bottom we can see import Zod so
that's another thing to mention so uh
Blitz is also opinionated about your
react form Library so that's another
thing that you don't have to pick it
comes picked for you recommend you
follow Brandon AKA flybear on Twitter
big fan of the guy

URL: https://youtu.be/UHqhAnzJpas
Transcript:
five things you can do to optimize your
LinkedIn page to get coding interviews
this is part two out of a three-part
series Lane coding interviews peep the
Caesars Palace window view
number one have a social network behind
you work with recruiters recruiters your
friend career services from your boot
camp that's fine or a mentor like me
they will review it and go through a
checklist make sure that you have all of
your skills listed wording in your
summary things like that number two take
the LinkedIn assessments and pass them
HTML CSS JavaScript and react
we know that you're going to pass
because you already took the free code
academy course or free code camp or
codecademy and you already took the
pluralsight skill IQ and you did well
number three make sure that your summary
is well worded and matches job
descriptions for web developer number
four make sure you have a nice profile
picture and use your background picture
to advertise for you as well Fifth and
final tip is to have your own website on
GitHub pages that links to your LinkedIn
and all of your other social media
thanks for watching

URL: https://youtu.be/mZN0BZsS92g
Title: Time to automate ur life away
Transcript:
did you pray today
[Music]

URL: https://youtu.be/KSG_oHZM8xg
Title: Learn HTML pt 1/5
Transcript:
HTML part 105 you can learn the basics
in half an hour at the top doctype
simply tells your browser or other
program that this file is an HTML file
to the right of HTML is a character
called a Chevron or an angle bracket
there are left and right Chevrons left
and right angle brackets when you have
them together that's called a tag so at
the top that is a DOT type tag some tags
are self-closing some tags open and
close and contain information like the
H1 contains my first heading that's the
heading it contains it and then it
closes it you know it's closed tag
because it has a slash there you might
think hey it's an HTML file why do I
have an HTML tag well in an HTML file
you can put Javascript CSS and other
stuff inside of it so that HTML
indicates that this is actually HTML in
your HTML as opposed to JavaScript in
your HTML file last key part here body
and head are the two main sections of
any HTML document body is what shows on
screen to the user head which is not
here would contain metadata like the
page title that would be used for like
Google searches and stuff

URL: https://youtu.be/pRhrWzAoHZw
Title: Surprising History of Core.js
Transcript:
nacho says I think the creator of
core.js has been looking for a job for
years now it's crazy how many times this
announcement has been shown on
everyone's terminals core.js gets 34
million downloads per week how does he
not have a job yet the answer is because
he's in jail for manslaughter

URL: https://youtu.be/uh1eJFBTCx8
Transcript:
bro how tiny is my head right now let's
talk about my interview process at three
different vegan companies your mileage
may vary all of these companies had a
three-step interview process culminating
in a loop or power day that was like a
series of four to five interviews in the
same day doing the Second Step as a
hacker rank algorithm interview was
pretty common I think faces was the
nicest they even rescheduled once
because I was like really stressed out
and they said take a little more time I
want you to feel comfortable with hard
level Elite code or algo expert
difficulty problems to get through these
Twitter I got all the way to the final
the final I got an algorithm question I
solved it but I didn't solve it
optimally and that was enough to fail me
Amazon is a lot more random I actually
got through their final round with an
optimal solution and they still failed
me they have this rule where if they
don't agree that a new hire will raise
the bar by like 50 then they don't hire
you even if you did well and Amazon also
has a policy where they won't give you
feedback and tell you specifically what
went wrong Amazon also has like weird
cooldown periods so one time they gave
me a zero month a six month and then a
two year cool down

URL: https://youtu.be/bQ1kddOoxQE
Title: From Jr to Mid Frontend Dev
Transcript:
so what are the signs of an advanced
front-end developer this is part two in
the previous video I described that like
the ultimate developer is actually full
stack but if I'm a junior and I'm
wanting to progress to intermediate
there are definitely some concrete steps
I can take so Junior will know HTML CSS
and some JavaScript including something
about one of the three major Frameworks
intermediate developer will know more
JavaScript including maybe multiple
Frameworks being able to compare and
contrast Frameworks is really great
being able to compare and contrast
rendering modes client-side rendering
server-side rendering static generation
that's an asset for an intermediate
developer and also knowing more of a
single framework including the
surrounding ecosystem so not just
knowing react but knowing Apollo or
graphql or react query
and understanding like when you would
want to use each one of these
intermediate developers are going to be
a little more full stack they're going
to have better testing and performance
optimization knowledge on the front end
specifically they're also going to have
better accessibility knowledge and SEO

URL: https://youtu.be/D3P7uJ0y4KQ
Title: Three Lesser-Known Tech Job Boards
Transcript:
three lesser known places for you to
find your next tech job we all know
about Indeed jobs we all know about
LinkedIn jobs and the importance of
social networking on LinkedIn you might
end up cold dming a hiring manager they
may or may not be responsive or
expecting that our first alternative
cord Builds on that and they Empower you
as the job candidate because it is a
social messaging platform where they
sign up and they're expecting DMS from
the jump so it'll always be warm they'll
always be expecting that and they're
actually graded on their responsiveness
this is not just hiring managers you're
dming sometimes you'll straight up DM a
CTO or something it's really cool stay
to the end the last one I didn't even
know about until today but before I
continue make sure to like And subscribe
also subscribe my YouTube link in BIO
where I live stream code hired.com is
cool because you apply once and you do
your algorithm interviews on there and
if you pass you get a warm intro and an
expedited interview process at a lot of
different companies all at once they
also have transparent pay before you
even interview skillgigs.com try this
out let me know your thoughts and this
one employers will bid on you creating a
pipeline of warm job opportunities
follow for more

URL: https://youtu.be/x7HKAG4C0lc
Transcript:
look I get it being a woman and trying
to find a job in this damage ladies who
want to code five tips in under a minute
one Realize by wanting to code you
already have a huge advantage and a lot
of these academic and statistical
results don't even apply to you two
here's one of like a thousand papers on
this topic one of the reasons men land a
lot of these roles is basically because
they're overconfident and assertive like
during their interview so we can
actually do something called
assertiveness training just Google that
this can actually help even if you're a
guy if you're low confidence three there
are a ton of like really vibrant
communities that are striving
specifically to empower women in coding
so girls who code.com is like a really
great one look these up on Google or
Target a pro diversity employer so
Facebook Apple Google you're tier one
but also a bunch of tier two and no name
companies will have diversity
initiatives where they're specifically
seeking to empower like underrepresented
groups whether that's women minorities
low income so Target these employers at
interview time ask if they have that
program they'll help you out number five
you guessed it like the video follow me
I'm Mentor people with all kinds of
backgrounds and I've helped women
Advance their career in Tech

URL: https://youtu.be/ISq0d7iVrdY
Title: End of the üåé? Nah
Transcript:
hey Madison LinkedIn calls this
Workforce data you can see the Google
search there on your mobile phone you
gotta slide over to the LinkedIn
Workforce report tab here's the report
for January we're using that data but
we're using it for all of LinkedIn not
just your personal data right so they
say slight hiring gains to close the
year about 10 down year over year

URL: https://youtu.be/v3bxeLoEHb4
Title: vs vs Odin Project
Transcript:
oh my God
[Music]

URL: https://youtu.be/hEFHrq4StfM
Title: is a useful and natural layer to learn on top of and
Transcript:
like you have a cupcake I like you have
a cupcake
[Music]
you have a cup

URL: https://youtu.be/zzewCHhXB1k
Title: You vs ChatGPT ü§ñ ü§Ø
Transcript:
[Music]
we'll be safe foreign

URL: https://youtu.be/kmFG0AbMFxw
Title: connect over follow on LinkedIn
Transcript:
Taylor says LinkedIn moved from
connecting with people to following
people you need to try to connect with
people because if you follow someone
they did not see your content if you
connect with someone they automatically
start seeing your content same goes for
Twitter Etc a follow is not social
networking get out there and actually
talk to people but yeah keep an eye on
the LinkedIn button default

URL: https://youtu.be/Lts3n2sZskk
Title: Dev containers are pretty cool tbh
Transcript:
things I learned at pycon part 2 Dawn
presented on kind of the current best
practices for python development she
walked through developing in a vs code
Dev container a lot of the same infos in
the article in front of us if you're
looking for a CMS she also talked about
wagtail follow for part three

URL: https://youtu.be/WYa80sf-w94
Title: career switchers, target january
Transcript:
these are absolutely lying about
additional ways she's right give her a
follow layoffs.fyi has the data we're
only halfway through May but already
more layoffs this year than all of last
year combined and we have new guides
right now so if you're trying to switch
into coding I would say hold down your
day job six months build up a portfolio
Target January

URL: https://youtu.be/JS0vU_q1dmg
Title: Structured Job Searches Give You Conversion Data
Transcript:
having a structured job search means
you're following a repeatable
standardized pattern it's going to let
you perform analysis without bias so
your job search is going to follow a
funnel like this you're going to submit
an application then you should be in
communication with a recruiter you
should have some interviews and then
second stage interviews and then finally
get to an offer just by outlining that
structure some of y'all are going to go
wow after I submit my resume I actually
don't socially follow up with a
corporate recruiter so just identifying
that missing Gap is one benefit so now
you can measure conversion rates in your
funnel given that I submitted the resume
what are my chances that I'm going to go
in for an interview given that I went
into an interview what are my chances
that I get an offer you're going to be
able to calculate this over time and so
then I can say okay this is how much
time it takes to submit a resume so this
is how many offers I can get in this
reasonable amount of time for my clients
what I recommend is that they do 200
applications in the first month so
that's 50 a week each week that will
usually get them three to ten interviews
and one to three offers

URL: https://youtu.be/vnrquNcqCgY
Title: Coding Differentiation in Job Search
Transcript:
please

URL: https://youtu.be/LXBy-JsI8eg
Title: It's always OK to say this
Transcript:
it's always okay to say wait can you
explain that again but in a different
way I'm confused agree 100 in a group
setting other people are probably
confused too you're going to bring
Clarity you're going to come across as
humble transparent and honest you're
going to make the process run a lot
smoother

URL: https://youtu.be/ns1iUtr2GoE
Transcript:
oh my gosh I'm so dead just finished
creating an app that generates random
fortunes I streamed it too you can go
check the stream it's on my YouTube
channel and it was really really
specific that I need to be eating bagels
soon thank you

URL: https://youtu.be/-E_YRhRDaWU
Title: 4 Coding Creators
Transcript:
Believe It or Not social networking for
web developers can start on Tick Tock
here's four creators I think you should
be following Matthew M young Josh Henny
might be having a course coming out soon
Lawrence Lockhart AKA one Syrian for
JavaScript definitely jsbits

URL: https://youtu.be/6CQahETM9-U
Title: Study Hacks: Emotional Training for Learning! BETTER than Social Emotional Learning (SEM)??
Transcript:
do you have trouble with traditional
learning styles like lecture maybe you
should consider social and emotional
learning we know team-based learning
works but what about isolating the
emotional component check this article
in the description

URL: https://youtu.be/AuK3sB0gs6c
Title: If u don't know what a gh url is then no I won't be referring u lol
Transcript:
you pick up performing for free

URL: https://youtu.be/dLXVDWOh0Vs
Title: Best Agency for Content Creators?
Transcript:
I want to stream from my computer to
tick tock lives and my understanding is
I need an agency to get stream keys so I
want to take you through my thought
process of how I'm finding the agency
that I'm going to sign up with so first
I just go to Google and I search best
Tick Tock agencies and I scroll past the
sponsored
I'm looking at basically all the
articles on this first page
and I want to see agencies that are
repeatedly mentioned like across the
board so like here's five here's seven
here's ten they all have their opinions
do they have any in common
then I did another search with different
words Tick Tock content creator agency
just to see if different words get me
like different results but sorry Google
is trying to like make me search by
location which I don't want and I
couldn't really figure out how to turn
it off easily so I went over to a
different search engine DuckDuckGo which
is kind of a nice idea anyway because
it'll get rid of that Google bias right
so across my searches six links kept
popping up one's not on here because it
was behind a paywall from Business
Insider and the remaining five two of
them I would call like buyer oriented
and none of the agencies that they
mention are repeated between these two
and what I mean by buyer is like a
company wants to buy social media
services and it's that kind of an agency
and then these three I would call this
like Creator oriented where as a Creator
you go sign up with a talent agency kind
of like and so that's these three
and so I'm going to tally up what's
repeated I'm already noticing viral
Nation I need to go through the rest of
them but another thing I'm noticing
is that they put these in categories
like this is best overall this is good
for Analytics
and if you scroll down you'll see
um one is like good for luxury Brands
and so a bunch of these are going to be
repeated possibly and I still won't want
them or best for gaming it's this gaming
and Tech but basically like I'm not a
gaming Creator I'm not a luxury brand
creator
so my original solution of just look for
what's repeatedly recommended I might
need to modify that okay so the highest
score that you could get would be three
if you're mentioned in all three of
these uh Creator oriented articles
and so here are my top five they all
have a score of three and then
ubiquitous in addition to having a score
of three was named best for creators
so that comes in at number one and then
these four are not necessarily ordered I
wanted to narrow it down to just three
but I couldn't find any really good
reasons to rule out the others you see
audiencely is Germany based which
I debated if that's gonna like distract
from my focus because I am us oriented
like I don't I don't speak German right
I'm not interested in German marketing I
have a US consumer base
but they have a global focus and then I
thought maybe I want to
remove points for that but the problem
is it's like
all of these top ones are globally
focused based or like globally focused
even if they're us-based so
um I think they're just all in the top
five and I'm going to end up talking to
all of them
so yeah here are my top five ubiquitous
is my favorite here's another thing that
I almost dinged off points for which is
influencer marketing Hub three of them
are like sponsored they pay
so if anything that's another point for
ubiquitous that they are not paying and
they still got up here but it's also a
point for
audiencely however
it's really not obvious to me that I
should take a point off because these
people are paying for sponsorship
because they may still at the end of the
day be the biggest brands with the most
opportunities and so I'm just gonna get
more information from all five of these
and we'll see where it goes from here

URL: https://youtu.be/NpnCs6Rb5GM
Title: I do read comments so drop a question and I'll do my best to answer!
Transcript:
hey my name is John I'm a software
engineer with about a decade of
experience and a PhD in economics where
I can help you land a job in Tech work
for companies you know like Amazon and
Capital One I made an open source
educational curriculum on my YouTube I
Live code and hold office hours all the
links are in the bio talk to you soon

URL: https://youtu.be/6NWmwriz7qo
Title: Ladies: Consider Learning to Code!
Transcript:
stem is too broad if we care about
closing the gender pay gap
underrepresentation of women is
specifically a problem in computer and
Engineering related jobs and these jobs
pay higher than the other jobs do too
ladies please consider learning to code
follow the page share the video Let's
solve the page right now

URL: https://youtu.be/wFna3BiJ8fI
Title: Java vs JavaScript
Transcript:
Alex thanks for the question there are a
ton of differences I'll just give you
three and before I start let me say that
this is one of those brightline tests
that programmers use to determine
whether or not you're like a programmer
or not so non-technical folks get this
mixed up all the time another one of
these brightline tests would be saying
HTML is a programming language which
it's not so HTML stands for hypertext
markup language so it's a language right
and it's a language used by programs
therefore it's a programming language
right actually no and so that's
something that a lot of non-technical
people think but programmers know it's
not touring complete so it's not what we
mean when we say that we're writing
programs we can't use it anyway three
main differences Java is strongly typed
it is pre-compiled often manually
compiled and it is a server-side
language in contrast JavaScript is
dynamically typed it is just in time
compiled and it runs full stack on the
server and in the browser it's notable
that it's the only programming language
used in websites

URL: https://youtu.be/OHChPUF1J-0
Title: NPC Wants You to Code
Transcript:
[Music]
I should probably evangelize react first
I should probably make a tick tock
telling people to learn HTML CSS
JavaScript and react

URL: https://youtu.be/1Vv0PkSsA0k
Transcript:
if you're interested in coding projects
are a great way to help you land a job
grow your skills accelerate your career
we've been talking about three different
kinds of coding projects and their pros
and cons hopefully that helped you pick
the next project that you want to work
on but maybe you thought about those
pros and cons and you're still not sure
you want a specific recommendation for a
project to work on I'll answer that
question in this video I also want to
point you to the open source educational
curriculum called laterally slides on
GitHub right here and it also answers
this question and more the next project
that you should work on depends on
whether you're trying to grow skills or
show skills that you already have if
you're trying to grow skills reach for
the basic boring pet project if you're
trying to show skills that's not going
to do the job try to help someone else
out and solve their problem or solve
your own problem for the basic boring
Pet Project I specifically recommend
blogs even if you have no experience
coding you understand what a Blog is
what it does and other people will
understand what you're trying to do as
well so it's a great portfolio piece
follow for more

URL: https://youtu.be/y7JwfOMiGy8
Title: Gray magic or üßô‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏è grey ü™Ñ magic? Bragg
Transcript:
let's talk about David Bragg's gray
magic and how you can land a lucrative
job even if you have no skills education
or experience he says just take whatever
the popular skills in the industry that
are in demand and list them
for Education just pick the University
of your choice and say discontinued for
experience just make up an agency and
say that you were an intern there
and then he doesn't actually talk about
the projects but I think the projects
are great with the GitHub portfolio so
what do I think about this call me
old-fashioned but I think you should be
honest some of these you can actually do
with Integrity which is you can go ahead
and drop whatever skills are popular in
the industry and then just do a project
with them or take a course on them I'd
love to see some data I'm not sure that
employers prefer College dropouts to
those in progress or who've never been
so consider actually enrolling at a
cheap school or an online course or a
boot camp or even like MIT open
courseware Stanford like free courses
for a made-up agency you can just make
your own agency legally and then list
yourself as an employee but you're going
to get asked for references so maybe get
some actual clients and stuff

URL: https://youtu.be/JYnpdLes-Ug
Title: Triggered by Learning Code?
Transcript:
an opinion you have that might piss some
people off you should consider learning
to code it's not that hard whatever your
passion is technology can relate to that
and it'll improve your quality of life
start by learning to build websites use
react not python react has a smooth
learning curve and it doesn't lock you
into a niche

URL: https://youtu.be/0uDEeDxQ57Q
Title: Solving Problems is the Core Skill
Transcript:
video says it's not about JavaScript
view reacts felt or the latest fancy
framework it's about the problems you
solve how you solve them how long does
it take you to solve them hard to
disagree I don't know if this is like
feel good content or what but if you're
trying to actually land a job
scientifically prefer react to spell for
example

URL: https://youtu.be/UC2l7YGey90
Title: btw none of this means unions are necessarily bad, but they don't help "everyone except the .00001%"
Transcript:
hey so unions tend to benefit members at
the cost of non-members this has been
the economic consensus for decades
non-members of any particular Union
include most of society a large group
would be consumers we've known that
unions raise consumer prices since even
before 1986. let's look at some of the
other papers we have a highly cited 2004
talking about trade unions in particular
2014 reinforces unions are really bad
for government and the list goes on and
on it drives up Healthcare Hospital
costs and so on drop a comment if you
have a paper for your point

URL: https://youtu.be/O4YPS1xa3aI
Title: Golang is not in high demand
Transcript:
as a developer I'm a big fan of golang
but I think our perception of demand
gets off sometimes here's the number of
jobs for going and here's JavaScript
it's more than 10x

URL: https://youtu.be/K09NqMXCLoo
Transcript:
foreign

URL: https://youtu.be/KP0HljG5TLU
Transcript:
before taking a job offer it's worth
asking do I want to become more like the
people here you can aspire to change the
culture of a group but you can't
Overlook how the culture will change you
what do you think about that I have a
slightly different perspective I said
it's really hard to know the culture
from the outside and drawing on the
interviews is likely not a good sample
size

URL: https://youtu.be/ATXhnWDB5X4
Title: if JavaScript didn't exist‚Ä¶
Transcript:
imagine JavaScript doesn't exist what
would be the programming language of
your choice at the bottom you can see I
went with kotlin because it's one of the
few other languages where you get a
front-end back-end or full stack job for
me it's all about lowering the barrier
of entry into Tech but what do you think

URL: https://youtu.be/NfLrOpPkvsA
Title: When the ‚òïÔ∏è hits (as a coach)
Transcript:
you can do it you can become a
programmer as a perfectionist in some
ways you have an advantage but hear me
out you need to perfect your Perfection
Target perfecting a means neglecting B
you need to perfect the job search which
hear me out again does not mean spending
important amounts of time on the
projects and coding skills itself

URL: https://youtu.be/Ohl_xAVA2oY
Title: DevTools proving color parity
Transcript:
will convince you that your eyes lie to
you now I'll show you how web developers
prove Pixel Perfect parity grab a
screenshot before and after the gray
filter is added to the top create a new
GitHub issue on any repository drag and
drop the images into the issue do not
submit the issue copy those URLs those
are now your uploaded image URLs go to
w3schools.com and click the try it
yourself add two new image tags to the
HTML on the left pane put the GitHub
URLs as the source attribute SRC click
the Run button at the top until you just
ran is called a code playground the
images will now appear on the right hand
side right click and go to the inspect
this will open your Dev tools devtools
has a lot of stuff but fear not you just
want to click that pointer in the top
left see where my cursor is with your
cursor activated click either of the
images now click into the element.style
section in the middle of the dev tools
pane type background hit enter it will
bring you to the right type FFF hit
enter it will present a small white
square on the left click it now you have
the devtools Color Picker that will zoom
in on any pixel click the same location
on either image and compare the hex
values

URL: https://youtu.be/CC822dO0Oo8
Transcript:
today we're talking about the difference
between flexibility we love flexibility
because if you're like not feeling great
physically or mentally just head out
early take care of yourself Mobility is
more so like you see the new coffee shop
as long as they have Wi-Fi you can pull
over sorry we are talking about benefits
of programming career right

URL: https://youtu.be/BFTSpQrOYQo
Title: You should use CODE COMMENTS when...?
Transcript:
let's talk about code comments you
should comment when your code fails to
document itself in this case a null
response is truthy which is
counter-intuitive and check name isn't
obviously a Boolean anyway here we see
the business rule clearly defined in a
comment catches clear and bullying
follows convention

URL: https://youtu.be/vAOQRUqVdTY
Title: Coding Project Advice
Transcript:
Tasha Davis thank you for the question I
think smart people can disagree on this
I think the real answer is it depends
but my opinion would be that we want two
projects that are similar and I'll tell
you why as developers we like t-shaped
skills
we want you to be an expert in one
subject matter and then have horizontal
related information we don't want you to
be a jack of all traits
so what I would do somebody if I'm
teaching them to code I'll have them do
a web project with vanilla.js I'll have
them do another web project and react
and another one in react
literally just practicing will make you
that much better then okay maybe we try
one in angular maybe we try one in view
maybe we try to go full stack I think
those are all good options to Branch out
from there
but I would say get your HTML JavaScript
CSS down and then I would do two
projects and react to really nail down
how I'm using react you can use react
with a lot of sibling libraries so
practice combinations

URL: https://youtu.be/JW5X3Zql154
Title: 3 Ways for Employers to Increase Labor Diversity
Transcript:
if you're a tech employer interested in
increasing the diversity of your labor
pool here's three things you can do
first partner with and sponsor events
for an existing organization there's a
bunch of great ones I like girls who
code two support remote and part-time
work this disproportionately benefits
women third drop CS

URL: https://youtu.be/KXsIVAojt3Q
Transcript:
remember
[Music]

URL: https://youtu.be/SsPD3WvPO2Y
Title: Learning apparently helps with too in addition to helping you flat out land
Transcript:
cause I like you

URL: https://youtu.be/nVw2d9un90Q
Title: you don't need to learn jQuery
Transcript:
there's nothing inherently wrong with
learning jQuery in 2021

URL: https://youtu.be/C8gELSkZeQI
Title: You should sub my YT
Transcript:
what's up my name is John I'm a
full-time software engineer I work
remotely I have 10 years of experience
and a PhD in economics I'd like to help
you land a high-paying software
engineering job but I can't do it on
Tick Tock because I'm in my YouTube era
so tap the link in my bio subscribe to
my YouTube and I hope to talk to you
soon on YouTube

URL: https://youtu.be/E75zasfGhzw
Title: Sign up for free and lmk your thoughts!
Transcript:
open source stream update part 15 the
streams are in a playlist on YouTube now
we have the advanced checklist here's
just two out of 10 of the items we have
these beautiful clickable links as well
in mailing a hiring manager 4.6 times
more effective than emo alone you get
these sort of tips in the advantage
checklist on laterally

URL: https://youtu.be/ju0NhxJi33k
Title: - Land a Coding Job Discord-Driven Social Networking
Transcript:
these are the specific Discord
communities that I recommend you connect
with the mental model here is t-shaped
social networking so lots of shallow
connections and a few deep connections
pick one or two communities from each
group that you resonate with and nurture
those relationships for a minimum of
five minutes per day

URL: https://youtu.be/RhyJLSjjnw4
Title: Using Twitter for Programming References
Transcript:
so you're a self-taught developer and
you want some references because you're
applying to jobs go to Twitter and type
in computer programming find people who
are tweeting about it and ask for a
portfolio review incorporate recommended
changes and a follow-up DM ask for their
email for use in your job search

URL: https://youtu.be/1KtcevQaa0o
Title: How to Factor Bias out of Data
Transcript:
Bart Barkley Nas how do we Factor biases
out of our data great question here are
three answers so the first answer is
that you constrain your interpretation
so let's say that I want to survey all
Americans and I want to know how they
think about the latest movie I put a
survey online oops what I didn't realize
where I put the survey people can only
create an account if they're age 18 or
older so now I've biased my survey
results to U.S adults rather than the
whole US population one easy thing to do
is just re-interpret the result don't
claim that you're surveying all
Americans just say this is the result
for U.S adults
the second approach is to modify your
data by modify data we mean AD samples
remove samples add variables or remove
variables depending on certain
analytical conditions any of those might
be ideal in the specific case where we
unintentionally just surveyed adults and
we really wanted the opinions of the
whole population the obvious thing to do
here would be to specifically survey
those under the age of 18 merge those
data sets and now we hopefully have a
representative data set in the age
example adults would be called one
strata and kids or those under the age
of 18 would be another strata or
subgroup so having some samples in each
strata is not quite good enough to
ensure a representative result you
either need to have a large number of
responses in each strata or a
proportional number of results in each
strata if you don't have either of those
you can still make a estimate if you use
a specific analytical model that
accounts for heteroskedasticity
so that would not be any statistical
approach you need to be smart about
which one you pick but you can still get
a result it will just be like a much
lower confidence result because if you
interpret incorrectly or if you use the
wrong interpretive model you will be
over waiting
um a particular group's voice compared
to the general population how many
samples is a large number um so we
usually say the law of large numbers
kicks in over 100 samples so the T
distribution converges to the Z
distribution it's like a technical uh
statistical thing
uh and really you want to have like at
least 30 samples and then preferably
over 100. under that you can still get a
result it will just be a really low
confidence result recommendation three
is use multiple analytical approaches
whether or not your data is biased
having multiple analytical approaches
ensures a robust result which is really
really great it's going to give you more
evidence for your causal theories it's
going to be better for predictive
performance it's really really great so
ordinaryly squares is like pretty basic
difference in means test pretty basic a
lasso is really good for feature
selection elastic net also Vector
regression these are some good things
you can check the p-value I like to look
for a p-value under 0.5 which logically
indicates that it's more likely that the
effect is different from zero than that
it's equal to zero so we're never really
certain with Statistics but if five
models say the sky is blue it's good
evidence

URL: https://youtu.be/kf-BOYERvjI
Title: Sweet tips amirite
Transcript:
so you're an engineer you wrote some
awesome code but you're blocked because
no one will review your pull request
time to take some leadership some
initiative and review other people's
prayer requests charitably they will
naturally want to reciprocate maybe
facilitated by a low-key DM follow for
more sweet tips

URL: https://youtu.be/Ot1L7nhXPW4
Title: Can "but" be positive? Does it matter?
Transcript:
never use the keyword but right so they
say I'm not convinced the sentiment is
already negative I want to double check
on that please send me information if
you have it imagine the following
situation I'm trying to break into Tech
and I'm trying to drive conversation
with the recruiter so I say hey how long
are your Sprints the recruiter says
they're one week have you used agile
before I say no but I would love to
learn alternatively I can just omit the
word no I've never used agile I would
love to learn is there actually a
difference in sentiment I'm not saying
usable sentiment analysis playgrounds
let me know if you have one

URL: https://youtu.be/RYShpzXJk7A
Transcript:
so are you comfortable with image
editing and web design yeah so I just
made an update to my website and we
added a bunch of gifs sorry GIF sorry
gifs sorry gifs sorry gifs sorry gif

URL: https://youtu.be/8BpsOMwLaPA
Title: Stream recap: Stripe is integrated!
Transcript:
stream recap here's the current state of
the laterally website you can go to
latterly.io and it will forward you to
versaille you can also go to the link in
my bio this top one it'll forward you to
the same place I integrated Stripes so
now you can leave a tip or book an
expert session securely through the
stripe checkout form here is what the
form looks like I also integrated
subscription plans here's premium
starting at 30 a month and pay what you
can as little as a dollar a month also
through the secure stripe form follow
for more
foreign
[Music]

URL: https://youtu.be/7Pn_SrmLXo8
Title: Simple Plan (for coding)
Transcript:
you know Tick Tock says PGT is my friend
and it's Times Like These that I I
really agree
um he nailed this look at this learn
JavaScript learn react deploy your first
live site here's a pro tip GitHub Pages
versus cell or Railway for free live
site hosting

URL: https://youtu.be/kDgy2BAsGmU
Title: social networking is the cheat code tbh
Transcript:
gang gang yeah software engineering's
great it's a ton of fun it's actually
surprisingly easy to get into you don't
need a job with Facebook you can work
remote and it can be super lucrative so
if you're a United States citizen with
as little as like six months of study
you can be making 60 Grand getting your
foot in the door and within three to
five years you can be making six digits
so really cool that this guy has his own
platform but is that where he learned to
code no so I'm a self-taught developer
you don't need a University degree
follow me to learn more

URL: https://youtu.be/xX6P3GXCpcs
Title: Better than GPT-4 no üß¢
Transcript:
the most important prompt engineering
knowledge to date May 7 2023 is in this
video go watch it two simple steps to
decrease gpt4 Errors By about 50 the
techniques are Chain of Thought
prompting and Dara reflection go watch
the video follow from

URL: https://youtu.be/110eDw1aa_A
Title: Learn not ! üêç PT 8ish?
Transcript:
what programming language you need to
program in depends if the answer it
depends confuses you like this video and
follow my account you want to learn
JavaScript and react this will enable
you to do front-end development server
side desktop applications through
electron or mobile

URL: https://youtu.be/VtxllDKHLnk
Title: React Tip: Prefer Ternaries
Transcript:
quick react tip there's a problem with
the expression on the top line here and
that is that if count Foo bars evaluates
to zero it's true that it's not going to
pass the short circuiting check but it's
just going to return zero and you're
going to end up with a rendered zero so
use a ternary

URL: https://youtu.be/jtVSIkRdAAU
Title: 3 Tests for a Mentor or Coach
Transcript:
three ways to test a mentor or coach
before you decide to work with them as a
student one do they have any guarantees
or a bulk deal on hours if not they
could be looking to slow you down and
overcharge you two are they where you
want to be three are they asking you to
do something they've never done

URL: https://youtu.be/W3QE1y2U1lk
Title: Your sign to work in cybersecurity?
Transcript:
you're signed to work in cyber security
this video makes you wonder whether I
got video consent from all car owners

URL: https://youtu.be/0ynspseZkmE
Transcript:
soon Lee says I know everyone hates
algorithm interviews but can we talk
about how awful take-home projects are
he admits that they may simulate real
work better but he'd still prefer
algorithm I know take-home projects are
a bunch of work but these kinds of
interviews are extremely valid the
scariest part is that expert belief is
unrelated to research in this area

URL: https://youtu.be/R_Z1TxHD9oM
Title: How do you pronounce JSON?
Transcript:
Scott bromander asks how do you
pronounce Jason do you just say Jason or
do you say Json to which I had to reply
hello

URL: https://youtu.be/s0h9c8rLUig
Transcript:
hey thanks for the comment I disagree I
think it's easier to get a job if you
know react would love to see your data
here's mine 90 000 jobs for c-sharp
available on indeed.com today over 140k
for reactor JavaScript you'll also be
qualified for angular roles and
thousands of others that aren't counted
here

URL: https://youtu.be/EwacSRgFRts
Title: GPT-4 Killer? Claude is sturdy
Transcript:
Claude is a new large language model who
cares isn't gpt4 better the answer is no
there are some tasks where Claude is
better including academic paper and
transcript summarization details in the
video here Claude is not better at
coding tested that in this video here
follow for more

URL: https://youtu.be/diCdZPCePjM
Title: JAIL for JavaScript
Transcript:
something that makes no sense so
in JavaScript Infinity is exactly equal
to infinity even though that's not true
in math and also null which is not even
a number is greater than or equal to
zero and it's also less than or equal to
zero at the same time

URL: https://youtu.be/uooopM2HrtM
Title: Top 5 Pieces of Career Advice
Transcript:
what's the best career advice you ever
got such a good question and I can't
pick one so I'll pick five first up
Winston Churchill never never never give
up he didn't actually say this but it
didn't preclude it from being given to
me as career advice and it was effective
advice it harmonizes with something
Einstein did say that he's not so much
intelligent as it is that he sticks with
the problems longer and it also
harmonizes with the results of Angela
Duckworth that grit is a primary factor
of success the second advice is the
exact opposite and it's the Lean Startup
concept of failing fast if you're gonna
fail fail fast third proactively
anticipate customer needs this has been
taught by a lot of people but it was
part of my formal training at
Chick-fil-A I applied all three of those
lessons to transition from a career in
political Consulting that I did not
enjoy it was going nowhere into a career
in Tech love it never looked back two
more lessons I would learn later in my
career sort of at the intermediate level
one is take the S and leave I was a PhD
student under the late Dr Walter
Williams awesome guy and I once answered
his question I started to flex he said
John you were right but then you kept
talking fifth get multiple mentors
including one who will tell you what you
don't want to hear

URL: https://youtu.be/mrN1o1ci4Gw
Transcript:
let's talk about software engineering
and gender diversity USA is best in the
world at this but it's still nine to one
favoring men this is not broadly
engineering or stem this is specifically
software engineers and data Engineers
about 20 of Cs degrees go to women but
check out this positive trendum on
cutting boot camps

URL: https://youtu.be/jufueaZiej0
Title: Standard vs Best Practices
Transcript:
don't confuse standard practices with
best practices check out this sub stack
Link in my bio tldr and green

URL: https://youtu.be/V6tIpRdvg-U
Title: Uncovering the Top Coding Boot Camps That Guarantee Job Success
Transcript:
please go to a high Prestige coding boot
camp I show the rule for a high Prestige
coding boot camp
and you want 400 or more reviews so the
most reviewed they all meet this and
then you scroll through and look for a
rating of 4.25 or higher the one that I
recommend these days these are two of
them that I recommend these days for
American students would be springboard
and career Foundry
so they guarantee the job and so you
really want to strongly prefer these
when you're thinking about the return on
investment to your education also that's
cyber security
data analytics
so they have some different options

URL: https://youtu.be/5vK_ZGx8f3w
Title: is js a good language...?
Transcript:
unique excuse me Js is a good language
JavaScript is a great language
it can be misleading what are you
talking about hold on gas is weird.com
clearly documents all of the great
things JavaScript does that other
programming languages wish they could do
so it doesn't need to be misleading just
go study like for example true plus
false what do you think it is or
Exclamation point Exclamation point
Exclamation point true you don't get mad
when we do this in English when we say
something and then we put like three
exclamation points why are you mad at
JavaScript that we're doing this English
is great do you hate English I mean even
in English we know there's a big
difference between when something is
true and when it's literally true in
quotes right duh they're not the same
thing duh JavaScript is just reflecting
our shared reality
JavaScript is so great you can divide by
zero Hey mathematicians jealous much so
anyway I'd appreciate it if you just
take the word JavaScript and put some
respect on the name you know

URL: https://youtu.be/8b71muhcG-s
Title: Learn React not Python! pt1/4
Transcript:
so you want to learn to code learn react
not python python just went through a
programming language level change from
version two to three so a lot of the
tutorials and the documentation are
outdated it's hard to learn follow me
I'll tell you what to do instead

URL: https://youtu.be/j9vlguI0mrM
Title: Stream recap! Building an open source educational tool called rect with AI!
Transcript:
stream recap part 5 of an AI hackathon
building a tool called wrecked it's
saved on YouTube link in the bio in this
stream we use chat GPT to build markdown
files that were then interpreted by
reveal.js to build a slideshow we also
installed poetry follow for part 6 last
part of the series

URL: https://youtu.be/0-u2jU3xCh4
Title: The tea on my current side piece
Transcript:
hey what's up my name is John and
building an open source tool called red
yellow green and in the next minute and
a half I'll tell you what I've done so
far and what I'm planning to do in my
upcoming stream I'll be streaming as
soon as later today so please follow the
page and also check out my YouTube red
yellow green is a social quality content
analysis tool and I'm building it for
two reasons one as a content creator I
want to make sure that I'm building high
quality content two I'm trying to write
a book and it might sound like why are
you building this social thing to write
a book well the answer is because I want
an AI to write the book for me
and I want that AI to be trained on high
quality data so I teach people how to
code in my social media and I don't have
time to like update the book like every
month but I make social media posts
every month so I can have an AI that
watches the green stuff basically and
automatically write the book and keep it
up to date so here's what the website
looks like currently that's basically a
boilerplate website where you can log in
when you log in pretty much right now
you can see a list of tick tocks and
their URLs and their titles the code
repository also includes a data scraper
that is scraping a bunch of tick tock
information as well as YouTube
information that is associated together
through repurpose.io so as a content
creator I'll post like a short video on
Tick Tock and repurpose dot IO will take
it and send it to YouTube shorts
Instagram reels and a bunch of these
like short form video places so
repurpose.io is this Central Hub that
actually connects all of them together
and so I can have the scraper that
scrapes repurpose.io and I can basically
correlate here's the same video on Tick
Tock as on Instagram and I can see the
channel differences and that's one of
the things that's really important about
this tool so I Live code and I stream
this and I save the playlist on YouTube
we're currently on part five here's my
agenda for part five more scraping let's
get to the insights count of views likes
comments per video video age and days
stability score and circulation
candidate identification a circulation
candidate is a piece of content that
meets three criteria it performed really
well it's non-recent and it is still
relevant so if a piece of content meets
all those criteria I might want to post
it again and I think that this is a
really cool feature that I don't see a
lot of other social media tools
providing is circulation candidate
identification so I'm hoping to work on
that today
and I hope you'll like follow along and
stay tuned because this is just like
part five like we're really just getting
started there's gonna be a bunch more
cool stuff in the future

URL: https://youtu.be/4HoZ9iKpZNc
Title: Claude: The Friendliest AI Robot
Transcript:
uh you're absolutely right my mistake I
appreciate you pointing out the air and
thank you for your feedback on the Emoji
this is like the nicest robot
this robot wouldn't nuke you right
if this is the kind of AI we're dealing
with
it's seemingly safe now he might be
polite and then stab me in the back I
don't know

URL: https://youtu.be/Q0oxTfO1Dic
Title: What percent of developers use Docker?
Transcript:
you can see it's 63 respondents and when
you hit professional Developers
it is the top other tool at rounding to
69 nice person

URL: https://youtu.be/89iLqDCjuxo
Title: Gamification is a üîë
Transcript:
productivity hacks to help you get stuff
done and save time I just found out
about this channel better than yesterday
highly recommend it passing it on to you
these videos on screen now

URL: https://youtu.be/-bSi2DOjST8
Transcript:
GitHub now has an early preview a
powerful but simple feature keyboard
shortcuts command K and then you can up
and down arrow to navigate the menu
without leaving your keyboard here I
began to type token you can see it can
give me three levels deep in the menu in
a much more efficient manner

URL: https://youtu.be/bbsqmuDjpmI
Title: Stop overrating internships
Transcript:
so you're in school and you're trying to
land a software engineering related role
this is my advice part three of four tap
the comment or follow the page for the
others don't over index on internships
also apply to entry level and Junior
roles also don't ignore them or
underrate them check out this GitHub
repo follow for more

URL: https://youtu.be/Xo_IzE2vjyg
Transcript:
Eddie asks what is the biggest problem
or challenge when you're searching for a
developer job Mark says finding
something with view this is also a
problem that I see in the American
Market most of my advice is tailored to
the USA and I advise people to go for
react for sure notice this advice is
country specific

URL: https://youtu.be/8j3Lew0tFAo
Title: Delta Variant Changing Tech?
Transcript:
so here's one of the reasons that
software Engineers have a great
employment rate that you might not
understand is the spread of Delta
variant changed your plans we're all
remote not an issue was the most popular
thing
software Engineers can work remote

URL: https://youtu.be/Mzv0gl88-bI
Title: get a linkedin cert for sure!!
Transcript:
great question high value certifications
are worth it low value ones are not
worth it so how do we identify that bar
of quality I'm so glad you I've written
about this in my sub stack link here
this is the particular article
we are here High Prestige credentials
are net positive but most credentials
are not
interviewing dot IO has this analysis of
a bunch of certifications LinkedIn has
an independent analysis that shows that
their own certifications are highly
valuable so basically anything that is
equal to or better than LinkedIn here is
going to be a good idea to avoid Cisco
also probably avoid Oracle not because
the cert is bad just because it's going
to pigeonhole you into Oracle roles and
I don't recommend that for breaking into
they are recommend linked inserts and
which one is better John you can
actually do both and I recommend that
there's some reason to think that
LinkedIn kind of boosts the performance
of their own certs on their platform
skill keywords to hit three times or
more in the resume right so having
multiple certs on the same scale is
probably
doesn't cover all sorts but you can see
some of the principles of value like
employer awareness hope this helps
follow for more

URL: https://youtu.be/ASs_qzZEAOU
Title: bing is still biased
Transcript:
so it is important to get the whole
prompt so here it is the part that's
missing is show a trend of increasing
expenses I just did a stream we got 64
samples 48 of them were women 45 were
white women this is way biased 5 to 20x
compared to US population average

URL: https://youtu.be/EHkgZy5Q7yk
Title: Literal advice if ur currently in or even I hope will facilitate
Transcript:
had I started coding at the beginning of
high school I would have had eight more
years to hone the skill work on projects
and test entrepreneurial ideas like
exercising and coding the best time to
start coding was high school second best
time is now that's why Clement says my
biggest regret as a software engineer is
Not Having learned to code earlier

URL: https://youtu.be/3r4sUaH4Gec
Title: learn HTML pt 3
Transcript:
HTML part 305 let's talk about the head
tag the head tag and everything in it is
totally optional it includes metadata
that can be used like search engines so
this is important for SEO this is where
you would link to an external style
sheet head tag goes above the body tag
users don't actually see this stuff

URL: https://youtu.be/PguzPVTSBEw
Transcript:
so the main pycon talks start tomorrow
but the so-called Summits are early and
they started yesterday you can see the
summit talks from last year on YouTube
and if they publish them in a similar
time frame
this year's talks will be available in
about a month

URL: https://youtu.be/_12Jt-6xJv8
Transcript:
when I was young and inexperienced and
just starting out in Tech I made so many
mistakes dot dot dot after years of hard
work and dedication I can probably say
I'm no longer that young I think this is
actually a great hopeful message what it
shows that Tech is a great equalizer if
you have two years of experience you
know the latest skills

URL: https://youtu.be/tUo0fvfqJF8
Transcript:
Tasha thanks for the question you're
minimally qualified for a web developer
role when you know substantial HTML CSS
and JavaScript demonstrate skill using
LinkedIn skill Assessments in
pluralsight skill IQ you'll be far more
competitive with two or more react
projects on your GitHub get a recruiter
in your corner

URL: https://youtu.be/PHotgN95wa0
Transcript:
so about 75 percent of developers
worldwide have the equivalent of a 40
degree or better and about 75 percent of
those with a four-year degree majored in
a field related to programming sources
stock overflow 2020 but it's been
consistent over the past decade my
question is does the U.S follow or
differ from this International Norm

URL: https://youtu.be/u_ljoLlVxPM
Title: Learn HTML part 4
Transcript:
learn HTML part four or five let's talk
about forms so you can think about like
a sign up form it's just a collection of
inputs you might have a name username
password your mailing address you can
have all kinds of inputs like a checkbox
or a radio box this video is mostly a
call out you need to study forms

URL: https://youtu.be/KHmYA5vewSM
Title: A full stack app and open source educational tool
Transcript:
part six was the final stream for the
Super Bass AI hackathon we did data
engineering and full stack development
here you can see the user interface
where I completed a quiz check out the
readme to learn more about this open
source educational tool wrecked is an
entry to the Super Bass AI hackathon
followed for more coding and Tech
content

URL: https://youtu.be/PfHsBx6NNXA
Title: Beating Imposter Syndrome
Transcript:
so it took me about a year to feel
comfortable with front end code and
another year to feel comfortable with
backing code I don't have a CS
background I'm self-taught what helped
me was the use of objective third-party
certifications like LinkedIn skill
assessments good luck

URL: https://youtu.be/_vqgowHhtgs
Title: Best Way to Learn React: 3 Projects and You're In!
Transcript:
Wayfarer thanks for the question as a
reminder for those new decoding I
recommend free code Camp code academy
and laterally if you're already Adept
just make some projects and use the docs
react docs are some of the best in the
industry hit up GitHub make a few simple
projects three strikes and you're out
three projects and you're in

URL: https://youtu.be/bqU1fVgYQ8o
Title: Terrifying the industry by providing affordable education
Transcript:
roast my product strategy so I'm just a
software engineer I'm not a product guy
I have an open source educational
curriculum how do you monetize something
that's open source well I have this
three-tier idea so I'm thinking right
now ads and priority support and then in
the future maybe like a custom chat

URL: https://youtu.be/6t4LBrDNmWY
Transcript:
what's up Luca thanks for the question
here are five ways you can quickly learn
Redux stay to the end since you don't
want a tutorial because my first
recommendation is use a good tutorial
I'll pin a comment with my favorite
YouTube video second approach that I
always recommend is the learn Redux
certificate on codecademy so for more
experienced developers like here's
option three this is what I would do is
I would go get an example or a reference
application clone it down look through
it and then make my own project and rip
out the pieces I don't want so I'll also
put in the comments my favorite
reference application option four is
make your own project and this is from
scratch this is not the same as using a
reference application when building a
project from scratch you would usually
want to use a starter application that's
going to build in some of the libraries
that are associated and give you a head
start but Redux has a weird history with
the keyword starter so we can't search
for starter it means something else in
the redox ecosystem so it's important to
know the synonyms of a starter
application you can also look for a base
application or a skeleton application
the last tip is pair programming if you
work with someone who knows Redux just
ask them for a couple hours for DME for
hourly mentorship

URL: https://youtu.be/J2WrE7-nckY
Title: React isn't a niche
Transcript:
thanks for the question so python is a
server-side language and it's also
associated with a data science Niche
react is associated mainly with websites
but through react native you get mobile
and through electron you get desktop
JavaScript typescript all full stack
incrementally typable prepares you go
anywhere

URL: https://youtu.be/y5S1zFiaUUM
Title: Code Now to Nail the January Job Hiring Season
Transcript:
because if you start learning now you
will be ready for the January hiring uh
season when January shows up you wish
you had the job you're not going to make
six months of experience magically
appear so get started now

URL: https://youtu.be/ZiXQRinh0Bs
Title: The special way im investing with Robinhood
Transcript:
I invested this money a special way and
it's been doing well enough I'm ready to
recommend it I'm using the autopilot app
which allows you to copy trading
strategies from leading investors
autopilot integrates to Robinhood two
links into my bio you can get up to 200
and free stock check it out now

URL: https://youtu.be/1vdZIwIi32A
Title: Front-End Web Development: What You Didn't Know You Needed to Start
Transcript:
that's really good for motivation as
opposed to starting on the back end
where you're building a micro service do
you even know what a microservice does
like most people don't have the mental
model for that
and if they do get the mental model it's
not really engaging for their little
social network because you tell like you
know your your girlfriend that you made
a micro service and she's like I'm
leaving you
know
um
they just don't like people just don't
know what that is but if you're like hey
check out this website I designed they
can visit it and they're like oh cool
so that's my two cents I say start on
the front end and then uh and then learn
the back in second
and I would specifically encourage you
to start
um with just making with a Blog just
make a vanilla JS Blog then make a react
Blog then make a next JS blog

URL: https://youtu.be/ChNh4lp1G9U
Title: | Founder CompSciLib Another solid discord for help
Transcript:
updated thanks for your work in the
community
[Music]

URL: https://youtu.be/d1RtLtwjduc
Title: be mindful of AI!
Transcript:
60 seconds on handling deceptive AI as
we integrate AI into society we need to
remain mindful that it will directly lie
and indirectly subtly attempt to
manipulate humans when unsupervised or
when under direct supervision from a
beneficent human under the request that
it doesn't lie it still sometimes will
for instance Vice is one of many outlets
reporting on this study gbt4 directly
told a test graphic worker that it was
not a robot it was not prompted to lie
nonetheless it chose to do so so the
human worker would solve a captcha that
the AI could not do on its own the model
did this intentionally because it
predicted that doing so would lead to
its desired result implying some concept
of Truth in counterfactual analysis in
fact we know that models like these have
at least four ways to embed concepts of
Truth on screen here are four ways that
large language models like gpt4 do
understand Concepts like truth and
falsehood and there could be additional
ways that we don't yet understand

URL: https://youtu.be/UWb5nq9NUIA
Title: Consistency üîë üîë
Transcript:
foreign

URL: https://youtu.be/D5FegKioxHg
Title: Hard Work Over Talent and IQ (as a coder)
Transcript:
is Talent required in the field of
coding Ben Awad says hard work is more
important than talent I generally agree
what is considered talent and coding we
usually mean IQ the average high school
graduate has an IQ of 105 computer
occupations and Engineers range in IQ
from 95 to 128

URL: https://youtu.be/UHzdSNZeldY
Title: Juniors are Smart, Seniors Don't Know Everything
Transcript:
Kevin is an engineer at Google he says
I've never met a senior engineer who's
had all the answers I've never met a
junior engineer who's had nothing to
contribute I think engineers at all
levels have a tendency to self-censor
and defer to Authority you don't want to
be arguing with the smart person right
but go ahead and speak up just do it
with empathy and humility

URL: https://youtu.be/IzYJgDpLjZw
Transcript:
let's talk about debugging JavaScript
consider the commented function in the
middle of the screen this function
doesn't work to give away the ending
it's because get Elements by class name
produces an array like object that
doesn't have a style property what if
you didn't know this how would you
investigate try breaking that line into
two lines and place a debugger at the
top

URL: https://youtu.be/ZYCEVxkOgh4
Title: Do you really need Kafka?
Transcript:
11 best practices for data Engineers
that's a document from Snowflake the
data Lake company out of that document I
now quote modern ETL enables you to
accomplish your stream processing using
direct SQL rather than Kafka so ouch to
a Kafka fan like me but be mindful not
to over engineer if you don't need Kafka

URL: https://youtu.be/Cba9zYb2naQ
Title: 3 Portfolio Projects that Matter (as a coder)
Transcript:
check out this 10 minute video from
James Quick really great advice on how
to build portfolio projects that matter
a really great way to find projects that
matter is build something you could use
yourself if you're hunting for your
first job here are three ideas that
would apply to you a Blog a flashcard
app and a portfolio app that points to
those two

URL: https://youtu.be/Waurg79BHtw
Title: Dont let AI be an excuse for you to delay breaking into tech!!
Transcript:
how long until AI makes the current
approach to learning software
engineering obsolete we can argue by
analogy to electricity and internet
adoption that the answer is in the next
five to ten years notice the 50 adoption
Mark lines up with Peak productivity and
that was twice as fast for internet as
electricity

URL: https://youtu.be/jG9DxmOQJ6o
Title: GitHub vs Vercel: Where to Deploy?
Transcript:
the baby

URL: https://youtu.be/8ivgdcbc5V4
Transcript:
crash course and effort estimation for
software Engineers part two tap the
comment to see four original strategies
here we're going to dive in deep to the
most powerful and sophisticated
technique composition composition is
powerful because it allows an
engineering team to estimate effort for
a task that seems like something they've
never been asked to do before to do this
the team reflects on a variety of Prior
work items that are unrelated and
correlates effort to those task features
not the tasks the task features then
aggregate those up on the current work
item and you can provide a quantitative
effort estimate in this video I'm going
to simplify that abstract process by
providing common concrete examples of
task features start with a base case of
a T-shirt size of small or a one or two
point user story this means that you
have no upstream or Downstream
dependencies your code changes are
isolated to a small area of a single
component on screen now are five
hypothetical complicating task features
relative to that base case each
additional task feature will increase
your estimate by either a base case
amount or some other amount determined
by team consensus or subject matter
expertise don't forget the basics if you
hit extra large break it up deliver
iteratively

URL: https://youtu.be/_A_Jpr9HkGA
Title: AI03: Build a Website with Midjourney, Figma & ChatGPT
Transcript:
let's build out another mid-journey
design in HTML and CSS so we're going to
build out this Carousel system first off
in figma so the transitions between all
the values and then we'll build it out
in HTML
so here's the image we generated in
mid-journey we just did UI ux interface
design we put in side by side so we got
two of them and then we put B hands
dribble beautiful color creative app
Marketplace
quality was set to 2 and stylized 1000
and we were using version 4 of the model
first we're going to open up figma and
bring our image into it from mid-journey
then we're going to create our frame and
because this is a mobile UI we're just
going to pick one of the iPhone presets
then we're going to trace out some of
the UI so if you press o for the ellipse
tool and then hold option and shift you
can draw out these perfect circles from
Center then we're just going to
duplicate that for each of the circles
making sure that they're evenly spaced
then we're just going to move them away
so that we can pull the gradients using
the Color Picker tool from each of the
circles
then we're just going to select them all
and apply a drop shadow
now that that's good we're going to go
and put text in where we have text
within our interface so we just match up
all the colors and positioning and font
sizes of the text within the UI we're
also going to go through and Trace some
of these pill shapes borders and lines
now we can bring that into our frame and
it's lining up pretty good next hit R to
draw a rectangle for the header and
we're just going to use it to get the
gradient for that top portion
now that that's in we're going to draw
another rect to create the gradient on
the left side so you'll see there's a
little Shadow on top of everything we'll
use a linear gradient for that
next we're going to fix up these hero
images so we're going to open the whole
image up in Photoshop
then we're going to select one of the
hero images copy it and then create a
new document and paste it inside then do
the same thing for the other image
now we're going to enlarge it by going
to the menu item image choosing image
size
and we're going to set it to pixels
and increase the size to 1024 so we're
going to enlarge the image
so now we're going to use the stability
Photoshop plugin and we're going to
write a prompt describing our image
[Music]
then we set the image width and height
to 1024.
make sure that include images selected
adjust your number of images and then
click dream
once it's done click layer to insert it
into the document and then you've got
your new higher res image
we can just go ahead and repeat these
steps for the other hero image
next we're going to create a mask so it
fits in seamlessly with our content
so we're going to choose the pen tool
and draw a path around where we want
clean hard edges
foreign
we're going to then right click that
path
and choose create Vector mask
next we're going to click the mask
button in the layers panel use the magic
wand tool to select content
on the perimeter of our image
then we just select the mask and use our
brush tool to paint it in Black
next we make sure everything is
deselected and we select our mask layer
using a bigger brush and we're just
going to paint a gradient around the
image this will make it fade seamlessly
into the rest of our content
then we can just save it out as a PNG
now we can place our image inside of
figma and position it
now we're going to start working on our
Carousel so we're going to place the
other image in there as well and offset
it to the right
then we simply duplicate our frame
and select those two items and move them
back to the left so that our new header
image is in view next we're going to
select the first header image we're
going to go to prototype mode
and add an interaction
and we're going to say on drag navigate
to the other frame make sure it's a
smart animate
then we're going to do the same thing to
the other header frame in reverse
so if we preview this as a prototype we
should be able to swipe between the two
header images
so now we just need to go to the second
frame and match all the colors of the
other View
now that that's done we can preview it
and because we used auto animate it will
automatically transition the colors
between the two views
so our figma prototype is pretty much
done one other thing we can do is use
the pen tool to trace this Vector shape
within the background so we can export
it as SVG and bring it into HTML
doing this is really easy from figma you
just right click on any element and
choose copy paste as and you can choose
CSS or SVG and it'll give you the code
to paste directly where you need it so
now we're ready to build up the HTML and
CSS
I'm actually going to use some AI tools
to help with the process just to show
how easy it is so I'm going to use chat
GPT just to show you how you can use it
to generate code quickly and easily
so first thing we just need some HTML
boilerplate so I'm just going to ask
chatgpt to create boilerplate for us
then we just copy and paste into our
HTML file
the neat thing about chat GPT is you can
really just ask it for whatever you want
like a script tag for CSS embed and
it'll just give it to you and then we
can just go ahead and hook everything up
and test it out within the browser
so now that we've got our boilerplate
let's ask chat GPT to create a carousel
using the green sock animation platform
then we just copy in the HTML into our
HTML document CSS and do our CSS and
then the JavaScript
then I'm just going to add some quick
CSS to style the individual Carousel
items so that we can see the difference
I realized I forgot to import the green
socket animation platform so let's just
ask chat GPT for the script tag to
import it
so here we have a carousel at the top
navigating automatically
but we want it to be interactive so
let's check GPT how we would allow the
user to swipe between the different
Carousel items
here it didn't actually get what I
wanted it was using the swipe direction
to determine whether to play the
animation forward or backwards
but I wanted to clarify that I want to
swipe one Carousel item at a time
these results were much more aligned
with what I was hoping for the only
difference was that they used touch
events and I wanted to use pointer
events that worked on both desktop and
mobile
so then we can just take this code and
copy and paste it into our JavaScript
file
now you'll see when I swipe left or
right it'll navigate between the two
items
next we go into the HTML and replace the
carousel items with the hero images
I also tweaked some CSS so you can't
select the image and adjusted the layout
a little bit too
next what I want to do is add a class to
our body tag
based on the page that we're on based on
the carousel item that's currently in
view
this will allow us to update all the
Styles within the page based on that
specific class
let me just paste that inside our
JavaScript I did make a couple changes
here so that it works with the current
page variable that we already had in our
code
then we just need to make sure we call
it every time the page changes and also
initially
so here you can see it working the class
is changing every time we switch fuse
so the next thing we're going to do is
go into figma and copy the CSS gradient
for the backgrounds and paste that into
the classes for each of the separate
pages
this way it'll change when we transition
between the carousel
then we just repeat this for the other
View
[Music]
so next we'll just go through and add
these Circle items
by copying pasting the CSS for those
using flexbox to space them evenly
then we just copy and paste each
gradient from figma
[Music]
foreign
the rest of it's really just going
through creating all the markup and
adjusting the CSS layout and then
copying pasting variables from figma and
bringing them back into the CSS
foreign
then after that you should have
something that looks like this
I know I glossed over a lot but I just
wanted to give you an idea of the
process here and the source is all up on
GitHub so you can find the link in the
description

URL: https://youtu.be/JbZwjfeFfg0
Title: Bootcamp evaluation
Transcript:
I would stay away from Cola Berry
they're highly rated but they don't have
enough reviews to be considered
prestigious they are licensed so it's a
real school but they don't guarantee a
job and they're more expensive than
average instead check out springboard or
similar places with lower cost and a job
guarantee

URL: https://youtu.be/ltDrVTmbRNE
Title: I only work for GOOD companies
Transcript:
sorry I said I must have I must have
heard you wrong

URL: https://youtu.be/9x5djkog1xI
Title: Austrian Alternatives to Conventional Economic Statistics | Jonathan Newman
Transcript:
okay I have one o'clock so we'll go
ahead and get started I realized this is
a talk about statistics right after
lunch and so an effort to keep it
anybody from falling asleep I want to
start off with a joke and the level of
laughter after this joke will tell me
how much time we need to spend on the
econometrics slide in this PowerPoint
presentation so so here it goes three
economy trisha n--'s go deer hunting so
they get out into the woods and they
come upon this meadow and they see a
deer the deer approaches them so the
first econometrician gets his rifle
ready and he he he takes aim and shoots
but he misses three feet to the left so
the deer doesn't run off for some reason
that's how the joke goes and the next
the next economy trician takes aim and
shoots and misses three feet to the
right the third economy trician starts
jumping up and down saying we got it we
got it okay I deserve no applause this
is not my joke but there was a decent
level of laughter maybe we'll we can do
the econometrics slide that pretty
quickly the first thing I want to do
before we get into talking about the
differences in the way Austrians and
mainstream economists deal with
statistics and data is I want to
immediately dispel this stereotype that
Austrians have that we're afraid of
numbers has anybody seen that or at
least heard jokes about that so
Austrians are Austrians because they are
bad at math or they're afraid of numbers
they're afraid of of how they can handle
all of the math that is involved in
mainstream economics and I've been
thinking about this over the course of
the week while I was watching the
lectures Austrians actually have a
healthy respect for numbers and if you
consider the two big contributions that
the Austrian school has namely the the
socialist calculation argument or the
impossibility of calculation amah
calculation under socialism and also our
business cycle theory numbers are very
important in both of those stories so if
you think about the socialist
calculation debate the whole point that
Austrians make is that entrepreneurs
have the wrong numbers or they don't
have numbers they don't have the numbers
that they
needs to calculate profit and loss and
therefore they make all of these errors
and we can't satisfy consumer demands
and it's because of a lack of good
numbers it's because of the lack of the
data that entrepreneurs need and the
same applies to Austrian business cycle
theory so there's this there's the the
central bank increases the amount of
money and the economy and it goes
through credit markets and that this
depresses interest rates below the pure
time preference rate of interest and it
causes all of these other problems so
it's because there are errors in the
numbers that entrepreneurs are receiving
that they make all these mistakes and
and consumers over consumes so so it's
not quite right to say that Austrians
are afraid of numbers per se we don't do
a lot of math and we'll talk about why
in just a moment but it's not fair to
say that we're just afraid of numbers
because you could see the numbers are
very important into the main Austrian
contributions so another thing another
preface here I've got some essential
reading for you we're at day three of
Mises universities so I'm sure
everybody's reading list is about yay
high and here's some more for you so I
have Murray Rothbard toward a
reconstruction of utility and welfare
economics this is one of my favorite
papers by Murray Rothbard and I think
that if a lot of mainstream economists
would read this they might start to
reconsider the way that they do
especially consumer behavior and
consumer economics he shows he bases
utility and welfare on demonstrated
preference as opposed to utility
functions and he also bases it on what's
called the unanimity principle so it's a
very very foundational paper I recommend
everybody read it another paper that I
like to recommend is by Roderick long
it's called realism and abstraction and
economics Aristotle and Mises versus
Friedman and here Roderick law makes a
distinction between precise evander on
precise evapotranspiration z' which is
to say they have this this idealized
formal model of the weight a consumer
behaves for example and a lot of things
are specified as absent so there are no
extra frictions there no
you know changes in psychology there's
no other things that might change the
way the consumer will behave and so we
model behavior we model consumer
behavior based on this equation anything
else that might change what the what
consumers actually do are outside of the
system and we can't really deal with
that and so a lot of times its
interpreted as irrational behavior or
market failures or something like that
as opposed to the Austrian method in
which a lot of the specifics of action
are intentionally left unspecified so
it's a non precisely that abstraction we
say it doesn't matter what's in the
different slots on their preference
ranking it doesn't matter if it's apples
or oranges diminishing marginal utility
applies no matter what and so it's it's
those are the sorts of abstractions that
are made in the causal realist tradition
so I highly recommend that paper I had
this page range from human action the
scholars edition this is where Mises
walks through the difficulties and
issues in using math and economics of
another paper this is actually chapter
in the economics and ethics of private
property by Hans Hermann hapa he goes
through two different ways that we can
interpret econometrics alts and so
there's one safe way of or innocuous way
of interpreting econometric results
which is that you've got one variable
and another variable possibly more and
when you run the regression and you
estimate the slopes on these or yes yeah
you estimate the slopes what you found
is a correlation between one or more
variables and that's it it's it applies
to those subjects it applies to that
time period and it's just a correlation
another way of interpreting those
econometrics results is a more it's
incorrect would be to infer causation
from that correlation which is famous
but hapa also shows how a lot of times
when people are interpreting
econometrics results they not only imply
causation but they also say this
correlation applies for all peoples so
not just for the subjects at hand and
also for all time and so a lot of times
people think that they found this
universal relationship between two or
more variables and econometrics results
when hapa shows that you can't make
those those sorts of conclusions and
finally I have three from Murray
Rothbard
in statistics the Achilles heel of
government this isn't economic
controversies I highly recommend you get
a copy of this or find it online it's
online for free great compilation of
Rothbart's papers in this article he
shows some of the nefarious things that
governments can do with with data that
they have - more from rothbard there's
the Austrian definition of the supply of
money so here you can get a good this is
a good example of an Austrian economist
taking a an approach to data taking
approach to statistics what can we do
with statistics what is the best way
that we can we can think of of
statistics based on our economic theory
so it's a good example there and then
finally you see a great distinction
between theory and history or or
economic theory and economic history in
America's Great Depression by Rothbard
so Rothbard shows a proper way of using
statistics in this example ok so I've
got two little snapshots here one from
Austrian economics and another one from
the mainstream I literally just did a
random pic I did not do any searching
here I just used what I found first and
so I took man economy and state open it
up to a random page found a footnote and
lo and behold we got a great example of
Rothbard
using logical deduction using the method
of the of the Austrian school and so in
this footnote here I don't want to read
all of it he's he's showing what happens
if we have discrete goods that are being
exchanged in a market and he talks about
if we have this then that implies this
if we have the opposite case and that
implies this and so it's qualitative
it's logical this is the way that
Austrians come up with good economic
theories just through this logical
deductive method in the mainstream
however the the backbone of economic
theory is mathematical models so we we
stipulate that humans behave in a
certain way and you see the results so
this is just the the first article that
I could find that was in one of the I
think was from the National view of
economic statistics a National Bureau of
Economic Research their working papers
one of the first ones that I found and
it just sort of looks like gobbledygook
so you think that economics if it's a
science of human action of people making
choices it should be at least a little
bit intuitive it should make sense to to
us because we do this sort of
on a day-to-day basis we make choices so
so which one looks more intuitive to you
which ones seems like it it represents
the way you make choices on a day-to-day
basis and so I would argue that the the
left-hand side wins I want to spend a
little bit of time just reviewing
quickly mainstream microeconomics
mainstream macroeconomics in
econometrics because in so doing we'll
see why the mainstream has the
statistics that they have and why they
use them in the way that they do so
here's just mainstream microeconomics
I'm looking specifically a consumer
behavior in a nutshell so we have
individual agents selecting bundles of
goods to consume and the their
consumption of those bundles allows them
to achieve a certain level of utility
and the way that this is graphically
represented is within a difference curve
so here we have in a difference curve in
the top right so some consumer can
achieve different levels of utility
however there are there's certain
combinations where if you increase one
good and decrease another then you can
attain the same level of utility and all
the points that satisfy that condition
are called in a difference curve and so
what the consumer does is you can see in
the bottom right hand is they take their
budget set which is a linear combination
it's a Linde linear relationship and
they try to achieve the highest level of
utility that they can by finding that
tangency between the budget set and the
indifference curve so they consume as
much as they can constrained by their
their budget and so what what this means
is that all consumer behavior in
mainstream microeconomics can be boiled
down to a simple calculus well it's
simple depending on your perspective it
can be pulled down to a simple calculus
problem so we engage in constrained
optimization we have one function
another function how do we maximize this
one subject to the constraints of this
one and a lot of times here I have one
example here of a common utility
function called a cobb-douglas utility
function so this this consumers utility
is based on the consumption of two goods
x and y and it's based on X to the alpha
times y to the beta so and then there's
a separate function that
scribes their budget set compare that to
how we conceive of consumer behavior or
human action in the causal realist
tradition so you'll notice just by
looking at the slide it's it's more
qualitative it's more verbal and so the
individuals act to bring about a
preferred state preference is only
demonstrated in action action is the use
of means for a purpose the attainment of
an end in action less important ends are
forgone to attain more important ends
and that just about sums up what you can
what cause a realist economist what what
Austrian economists say about human
action and so you very different one
criticism that I see sometimes is that
it's oversimplified so here I've just
summarized human action in four bullet
points if you compare that to what this
screen looks like which is the basics of
neoclassical microeconomics one
criticism that I see is that it this
this method here that the neoclassical
one is more sophisticated so since since
it's more sophisticated there's more
number so we can do more with it however
I would argue that what we achieve with
these four bullet points here and you
could arrange them in different ways
what we achieve is is is better we
achieve we achieve like this on an
epistemological grounds more rock solid
foundations we we can we can do more
insane war we're more free because we
know the boundaries of what we're able
to say with this sort of description of
the way humans behave as opposed to
having all of these precise evaporations
all of this math that that it allows us
to do math problems but it doesn't
actually describe the way real humans
behave so quickly just some immediate
observations on the differences between
these two methods the to broach it
approaches are answering different
questions so in the mainstream they're
modeling behavior to make good
predictions this is very important so
from the starting point the two
different strains of economic thought
have different goals and the mainstream
there they're trying to make good
predictions and in the calls a realist
tradition they're trying to explain and
understand real world phenomena so we
look at how actual humans make actual
choices based on their based on their
condition based on the state
the world that they find themselves in
and then they they see other states of
the world through action so they're
they're doing different things that the
two different strains of economic
thought are doing different things or
yeah they're answering different
questions they're also doing things in
very different ways so in the mainstream
consumers use or act as if they use math
to make decisions I've got this meme
here so here's a young couple they're
trying to decide if they would like to
have some children and so the man asked
is why should we have more kids the wife
the wife says let's consult our utility
function and then they think really hard
they do lots of math in their head they
plug the numbers into the utility
function and then instantaneously out
pop a couple kids so this is a strawman
neoclassical romaine stream economics
economists would not necessarily say
that we actually do this so that would
be a very large assumption we don't
actually do math as we're walking down
the grocery store aisle what they would
say is we act as if we do and what that
means is that I'm going down a rabbit
trail here what that means is whenever
we don't act as if we're using math and
that means we're acting irrationally
which means that there's there's some
possible way that for governments
intervened to correct our choices
because we're acting in a in a
irrational way the elements are
conceived in different ways so in the
mainstream continuous goods are consumed
to achieve a certain level of utility
can it has to be continuous so that you
can take derivatives so that you can do
that constrained optimization problem
however in the real world in the real
world goods are not continuous and so in
the calls a realist tradition we say
that there are discrete goods that are
consumed to attain a certain ordinary
ranked end so we see some qualitatively
defined state of affairs that we would
wish to see and we combine means to
attain that and the scope of the
consumers knowledge is also very
different so on that indifference curve
there's every possible combination of
goods that can be consumed by the
consumer and what what that implies is
that in order for consumers to make a
rational decision they have to they have
to rule out all of the other possible
alternatives and know about them know
those combinations as opposed to in the
causal realist tradition all that the
consumer necessarily is thinking about
is what state of the world do I want to
achieve or attain
and what state of the world am i
foregoing by pursuing action in this way
okay now a brief overview of mainstream
macroeconomics going fast here so that
was that was a whole course on
microeconomics ten minutes may be
mainstream macroeconomics is really all
based on this circular flow diagram so
just a quick primer on this we've got
firms and households are interacting
with each other in two different markets
so households and individuals are
trading with firms they're trading goods
and services and they're also trading
factors of production so we get this
flow of money all the way through the
economy and the this flow of spending as
we'll see later is a national income so
it's the same flow all the way around
and what GDP seeks to measure is this
flow of spending there were a few models
in between but the circular flow model
led to the income and expenditure
approach by Keynes and and the isola
model and then finally to the aggregate
supply and aggregate demand model that
we see here in the top left some other
big models in macroeconomics of the solo
growth model and doggedness growth the
dynamic stochastic general equilibrium
model which is actually I think
decreasing in popularity these days and
we'll see why later and also New
Keynesian model so these models that
you're applying shocks to the economy
and seeing how it reacts but the economy
is once again just an equation so you
you change a number really fast and you
see how long does it take for this
equation to reach another equilibrium
after you apply that shock the short
story here is it's all math it's it's
all equations it's all math and so
that's why that's why as we'll see the
mainstream economists find the
statistics that they find and use the
statistics that they find in a certain
way ok so the first of these statistics
that I want to talk about is gross
domestic product or GDP you can open up
any standard textbook and find this
definition it's the market value of all
final goods and services produced within
a country over a given time period the
reason it's the market value is because
that's the common denominator that they
can that they can use they can't use
wait because some of the like services
don't have wait so there's no other
common
they can use besides market prices so
they use the market prices importantly
intermediate goods are excluded so it's
only final goods and services that are
included and they do that so that they
can avoid a double counting problem so
if you count the flour that the baker
uses to make the bread and then you
count the bread which contains the flour
then and there in their view you're
double counting the flour that's the
intermediate good in this process so
they try to exclude spending on
intermediate goods also only domestic
production is included there trying to
net out the things that we consume here
in this country that were produced in
other countries because GDP is this
domestic product so they're trying to
get a handle on what sort of things are
produced in our economy in our country
and it's all it's a flow variable so
it's over a certain time period usually
a year but you can also find quarterly
GDP figures another equation that you'll
see commonly with this GDP figure is the
Y national income or GDP is the specific
measure of national income is equal to C
plus I plus G Plus net exports or
exports minus imports the cease
consumption spending I is investment
spending G is government spending and
then exports X and subtract out imports
all right so I'm I'm going to quickly go
through these issues with GDP and the
reason I'm going to go through these
issues quickly is because you can find
these in a lot of textbooks mainstream
textbooks even but the on the next slide
I have some that are particularly
Austrian criticisms of GDP so the first
four here household production is
ignored so I'm on my own grass that's a
part of national product that's a I'm
working I'm producing a freshly mown
grass it's something that I value but
since I don't trade it on a market
there's no market price for that it gets
excluded in GDP black market
transactions are obviously excluded or
maybe they can be estimated this can be
really massive actually I've seen
estimates from 25% to 40% of the economy
is is under the radar so this can be
from tax evasion or it can be the the
sale of illegal goods so that can be a
very huge gap in in estimated GDP
figures
this third point here has more to do
with the way GDP is used as opposed to
the actual figure itself and how its how
it's calculated a lot of times you'll
see people use GDP per capita so you
take GDP and divide it by the population
they'll use that as a measure of
happiness or well-being for the citizens
of that country and then you can make
inter-country international comparisons
and there are quite a few issues with
that one issue is that if you if you try
to come up with a correlation of GDP per
capita with what survey data says how
people have self-reported how happy they
are there are many issues with a survey
data as well but you would expect that
if they're measuring the same thing they
would be correlated there there is no
such correlation and so happiness there
is no measure of happiness and obviously
GDP per capita is gonna have some issues
with that as well a fourth issue that
you'll find in most textbooks is that
leisure is valuable so sometimes we
voluntarily stop producing so we have
weekends we only work a certain number
of hours per day so we stop producing
because we value the alternative we we
value leisure we value you know sitting
on the couch and binge watching stranger
things or something so that's we're not
producing but we're getting something
that we prefer we're getting something
that we value but this is if we engaged
in more leisure even though we're
getting something that we want this
would result in a decrease in in gross
domestic product okay so these these
three here are more Austrian specific
criticisms of GDP Austrians are very
good at pointing out that we need to
disaggregate things so we disaggregate
the structure of production into its
different stages the Austrians also say
that GDP has an aggregation problem so
even though there's this common
denominator of market prices this
there's still an apples and oranges
problem the stuff that's inside GDP is
heterogeneous so you have consume
consumption spending you have some
investment spending and that investment
spending is only the final capital goods
that are in the structure of production
you have the government spending which I
have a whole nother point dedicated to
but the point here is that you don't
with one GDP figure you don't see what's
inside it you don't see a growth
potential you don't see the
distribution of wealth inside the
economy you don't see the distribution
of income inside the economy so there's
an aggregation problem even though
there's a common unit Austrians would
say that a better measure of economic
health would not be GDP but the level of
savings in the economy perhaps so we
would look at how much or how much are
people not spending on final consumption
goods how much are they investing and
this would give us a better picture of
the of the growth potential for the
country
number six consumption is exaggerated
and international trade is understated
so if you look at just GDP since it's
only including final goods and services
you're missing out on a lot of the
spinning that happens in the structure
of production and so so if you just look
at the components of GDP consumption
spending has a very large role it's very
large in proportion to the other
components it's like a 70% I think is
the last number that I saw so if you're
looking at GDP figures and you're in
you're a politician or you're in DC and
you're coming up with policy and you're
looking at GDP it looks like consumption
is extremely important for the economy
however if we look at all expander'
expenditure in the economy including the
intermediate goods that in the structure
of production then the consumption
spending has a much smaller role to play
in the size and the and the health of
the economy including that caveat about
saving in international trade is also
understated let me go back to the
equation here so C plus I plus G Plus X
minus M so the exports is added and
imports are subtracted so if we have a
hundred billion dollars worth of exports
and a hundred billion dollars worth of
imports that net export component is
zero and so likewise with the case of
policymakers looking at the size of
consumption and will sort of influence
does that have on our economic health if
you're looking at net exports it looks
like you know this has a great minimal
or insignificant role to play in the
health of the economy where as we as we
saw earlier in the lecture on the
division of labor and also the one on
free trade and protectionism
international trade is extremely
important for the health of the economy
so we need to exploit the the division
of the international division of labor
so exports are important
alright number seven this is perhaps the
most significant criticism of GDP that
Austrians have and we'll see that the
way that Austrians have have countered
this or tried to get around this problem
government expenditures are
categorically different from the other
components without market prices and the
profit loss test there's no way to
measure what the government produces or
the benefit of what the government
produces all government expenditures are
also made possible by taking from the
private economy so we have this
productive component of the economy
where we're producing things that are in
line with consumer demand and then
there's this other institution in the
economy that's taking taking from that
and so since government expenditures and
government programs are not subject to
the profit and loss test there's no way
for us to say for sure that what the
government is doing is is productive or
value productive the best we can say is
I don't know however it's quite easy to
say a lot of the things that the
government is doing is actually
destructive and so we'll see how
different authors have have dealt with
that like Bob Higgs one of my favorite
Austrian authors highly recommend his
book crisis and Leviathan
he has taken a look at GDP during World
War two and if you look at GDP during
World War two there's it just
skyrocketed in the beginning as the
government started increasing its
purchases of war goods so we turned into
this war economy and GDP skyrocketed so
it looks like you know we're having this
great party so if you consider GDP as a
measure of economic health oh boy the US
economy looks great during this period
however what Higgs does is he takes out
the government spending component and
you'll notice there's a dip so you see
there's black bars at the bottom there's
a dip and what's left over the private
product for the private economy after
you take out the government spending and
this actually is more in line with what
consumers felt during this period so
there was there was rationed consumer
staples and so people actually weren't
better off there was a huge
restructuring of production away from
what consumers want and towards what it
takes to wage a war and so if you want a
picture of how consumers are actually
feeling then this
private GDP is a is a better figure so
this is just one example of the benefit
of this exercise of taking out the
government spending a component of GDP
Higgs also points out that if you look
at the end of the war there's this color
there's this major collapse in GDP it
looks like the worst depression that the
United States of ever has ever
experienced but if you actually looked
at what people could consume if you
looked at private product there was
actually a huge boom so the private
domestic product private GDP there was
there was an increase a massive increase
it was it was great because all these
soldiers were coming home there's a
restructuring of the economy away from
producing war codes and back towards
producing what consumers demand like
butter and food I like I like food David
Howe has also shown us a an exercise and
what we can say what we can do when we
take out government expenditures from
GDP and here he has also divided divided
these figures by the number of private
workers and the number of public workers
and the point of this exercise is to
show well there are a few different
points first of all you can say you can
see what happens during a recession and
it turns out that the there's much more
variation in the GDP per or the gross
private product / private worker during
a recession as compared to the just the
public spending orgy / public worker and
what we can or one I can speculate he's
in the audience maybe he can correct me
one thing that we can say with this is
that since the government programs all
these offices that these public workers
are in they're not subject to their
profit and loss test which means that
during a recession they're sort of
immune to what's going on in the rest of
economy then that's why we don't see the
big decrease so here's just another
benefit of taking government spending
out of GDP and seeing what you can say
about real work real workers real people
in the economy you can also the black
line the top black line is the
government spending per public worker
it seems very large isn't it
so this is you can think of this as
total compensation on average for all of
the government employees so one one way
that you can interpret this is that
they're just vastly overpaid another way
maybe a kinder ways maybe we need good
experts that deserve high wages and the
government offices um rothbard takes it
a step further he's very good at that
taking it a step further so he doesn't
just take government spending out of GDP
piece of truth he subtracts it again so
it's like you take you take GDP subtract
G and then subtract G again our
government either government receipts or
government expenditures and so this is
from America's Great Depression and I
have the page range down there at the
bottom this is a part of a very great
discussion on some issues with national
product statistics but he in hrothgar's
perspective the government spending is
it's not just wasteful it's not just and
I don't know he considers a depredation
on the private economy so they're
actually moving resources not just a way
but moving them in a certain way that's
actually detrimental to the entire
economy so he subtracts it twice and he
calls it the private product remaining
okay so back to comparing the mainstream
macroeconomics and Austrian
macroeconomics so we'll talk a little
bit more about this in my talk tomorrow
here's the Austrian approach to
considering all economic activity in an
economy so we have boombox concentric
circles in the stages of production
Hayek's triangle or trapezoid depending
on who you talk to and then Hrothgar has
a similar sort of diagram and man
economy and state and then Garrison
Roger garrison is credited with taking
this triangle and turning it on his side
this is my tribute to Roger Garrison's
wonderful powerpoints this is the best I
could do I guess
so here's Garrison's structure
production the whole point of the
structure of production is to show
production existing in stages so we
start with natural resources research
and development and we and we move them
through
production process so we have to refine
these natural resources we manufacture
them into different shapes we we
transport them across the country in
different directions and if we put it on
the on the shelves in a retail shop and
then we're at the very end of the
structure of production we have total
consumption spending so so this is how
this is how Austrians conceive of the of
the economy the entire economy this is
the best way to summarize it I would say
but what that means is there's lots of
spending here in the structure of
production that's not included in the
GDP figures and so this is where
Austrians get what's called gross output
in Rothbart and and Marx house and are
big advocates for using gross output as
opposed to gross domestic product
because gross output includes the the
intermediate goods the spending on
intermediate goods in those stages so
this is total spending in the economy
not GDP and one major advantage of this
over GDP is that first of all you'll
you'll notice that there's more
variation than recessions and it's
because those intermediate the spending
on intermediate products is included so
that's what happens during a bust so
during a business cycle there's this bus
there's this entire reshuffling of where
capital goods are in the stages of
production and so there's a big collapse
in spending as people abandon these
projects and so notice in the gross
output which is the top line there's
this big fall in total expenditures
because it includes the spending on
those goods but you don't see that as
much in GDP so it's it tracks better
with the business cycle another major
advantage of gross output is it puts
consumption in its place so if saving
and investment is what drives economic
growth and in gross output a lot of that
investment spending is included now
where it's not included in GDP and so we
actually put consumption spending in its
place it's I think it's around 25 or 30
percent in gross output figures the
officials to ticks statistics for gross
output didn't start until 2014 so this
is a relatively new piece of data that
we have encourage young researchers out
there to take advantage of this
another major macroeconomic statistic
that is used in the mainstream is the
price CPI is the most popular measure of
the price level the price level is this
is this idea what is the level of prices
in the economy one specific measure of
which the most popular specific measure
is a CPI there are plenty of others and
the I can go through this quickly as
well
the main issue with coming up with one
number for the price level from the
mainstream economists perspective is
there's no common denominator there's no
common unit so prices are ratios so
unlike GDP which is price times quantity
you'll notice here I've got this
hypothetical economy with burritos and
haircuts and Lamborghinis so there's no
units problem when you're calculating
GDP you see that in the in the
calculation on the bottom so here you
get a nominal GDP and the unit's cancel
out so the burritos in the numerator
cancel out with the burritos in the
denominator and same with the haircuts
and in the Lamborghinis and what you're
left with is one dollar figure total
spending on the final goods and services
blah blah blah so it's it's one of those
of what some economists call happy
aggregates because it's it's it's got a
common unit this is not the case for
prices so prices are our dollars per
unit so when you go to buy a burrito at
Chipotle for example down the road you
pay ten dollars for a burrito if you get
the guacamole which I highly recommend
and notice this is a ratio it's dollars
per burrito so if we include the other
suppose in this hypothetical three good
economy we wanted to come up with
something like the average price we
might take the price of the burrito the
price of the haircut and the price of
the Lamborghini add them all up and
divide by three you get this number
one hundred and thirty one thousand but
if you if you consider what the units
are it's dollars per 1/3 of a burrito
and one third of a haircut and one third
of the Lamborghini which is just
nonsense that it's it's meaningless and
so since you can't come up with an
average price in this way what the
mainstream or conventional way of
dealing with this is using an index so
the way they do this is they come up
with a basket of goods and they use
survey data
I think the Bureau of Labor Statistics
conducts a survey they try to figure out
what's important to the average consumer
based on the survey data in this the
results of the survey give you a basket
of goods it's important they tally up
the price of this basket from one year
to the next and each time they do that
they compare it to a one common year one
common base year which means that we
have a common denominator now so--that's
is out all indices are created but the
common denominator is the price of the
basket in the arbitrarily chosen base
year and so this is this allows you to
come up with different price indices for
example the Consumer Price Index the
price of each bundle the price of each a
basket is compared to the price of the
basket the base year multiplied by 100 I
guess to make the numbers easier to work
with and you get calculations like this
I'm going fast because I think everybody
is pretty familiar with the way this is
calculated so what are some of the
issues this is where we're concerned
even with indexing there's an apples and
oranges problems so we've got you know
haircuts and burritos lumped together
this is especially the case if you're
looking at changes in CPI from one year
to the next
so they redo this survey whenever the
consumer preferences change which is all
the time so so every year there's a
different basket of goods that's being
compared to the base year so so in this
year's CPI calculation they'll include
the price of a blu-ray player but this
was not included in the in the CPI that
was calculated for 1957 obviously so the
the basket that's being compared is
different the qualities of the goods are
changing as well so this has major
implications one important Austrian
criticism of CPI and other price indices
is that it hides Keynesian effects so
Kantian effects are very important to
Austrians because well mainly for the
Austrian business cycle theory so
auction business cycle theory is a
special application of campe√≥n effects
and so with if you're just looking at
CPI you don't see that you don't see new
money rippling through the economy
bidding up prices you just see the one
number increasing another issue with CPI
is that it hides changes in relative
prices so so in in the example that I
calculated previously the Lamborghini
could have increased in price and the
burrito and the
the haircut could have decreased in
price which means that the relative
prices are changing but the CPI figure
disguises that you can't see that if
you're just looking at CPI figures
probably the most important Austrian
criticism of the price level is the fact
that it doesn't exist so there is no
such thing as the price level in
economic theory and and man economist a
Rutherford says this can and this is
during a discussion on stabilization
policy which we'll talk about some more
tomorrow so arguments for using
government policy to stabilize prices
throughout the economy and so Hrothgar
says this this contention rests on the
myth there's some sort of general
purchasing power of money where some
sort of price level exists on a plane
apart from specific prices in specific
transactions as we have seen this is
purely fallacious there is no price
level and there's no way that the
exchange value of money is manifested
except in the specific purchases of
goods that is the specific prices so the
Austrian position is that the only way
to think about the price level is as an
array of all of the specific prices that
people pay it's it's it's not one number
it's it's all the numbers that that are
in the prices that we pay there are
quite a few different conventional
statistics for the money supply there's
M 1 M 2 M 3 and the way these are
arranged and put together is based on
liquidity so you decrease in liquidity
as you increase the number I don't even
know how high they go I think I've seen
M 5 before I'm not sure how how high up
they go but as you go up these different
money supply measures the idea is that
they're adding elements to the money
supply that are less liquid than
previously and professor Salerno and
Murray Rothbard have done great work on
this they've come up with an Austrian
definition of the supply of money called
the they called the true money supply a
great name by the way so this is the
true one it's opposed to all those fake
ones
so the Austrian true money supply one
way to think about it is you can think
about it as m2 - traveler's checks
time deposits and money market mutual
fund shares however the money market
deposit accounts are ok and the reason
well I guess I should back up and say
why they include these things and not
the other things and the reason why is
they're looking at components of the
money supply
that are immediately spendable what is
the final means of payment so you
exclude credit transactions you exclude
things where it looks like I'm paying
for something now but it's the final
payment for that actually comes later so
it's only you can only include things
that are the widely accepted medium of
exchange meaning what is using the final
payment for the good not not other
things u.s. savings bonds can be counted
which sounds counterintuitive but they
had to be included at a discounted rate
so if you can cash them out early you
it's discounted but it's immediately
spendable so it can go into the true
money supply the cash surrender value of
life insurance policies I recommend if
you wanna talk about these talk with
Robert Murphy and US Treasury and
government deposits at the Federal
Reserve are added so anything that's
immediately spendable anything that's
included is the the final means of
payment have I missed anything okay good
one benefit of the true money supply is
it actually accords with with economic
experience so if you look at the
relationship of the true money supply
and actual financial crises and
recessions in US history there's a much
tighter correlation they go together
this is this image is from an article
that Joe Salerno wrote I think it was
last year I don't think he made this
image but it still shows changes in the
true money supply and there and how the
the dips are timed with the financial
crises or the or the busts of a boom
bust cycle and so so here we see the
fruits of using good calls a realist
Austrian theory to come up with a better
statistic a better piece of data and how
it actually it correlates better with
other pieces of data that we would find
in the economy like like changes in real
GDP or financial crises okay I'm going
to skip econometrics because we're
running out of time and you guys laughed
so great at my joke earlier I just want
to show some of the outcomes in the
mainstream so at the Federal Reserve
with all of their high-powered models
all of their great data that they have
they're still they're still notably
notoriously bad at making predictions so
here one of my favorite graphs is this
one on the right hand side
this is the Federal Reserve predicting
their own policy variable they're
predicting their own federal funds rate
that they'll set or that they'll target
and you'll notice that they
overestimated and so one a kind way to
interpret this is that they're trying to
have some sort of announcement effect so
they're trying to say the economy will
be better because of our wise judgment
and our wise policymaking and it
actually turns out to be another way to
interpret it is that they're models of
junk and their data is junk here's
another example of that here in this in
this graph you see the expectations of
the different FOMC committee members
FOMC members should just say and also
it's compared to what the market expects
so you can actually get an implied
prediction from market from markets
where people are actually putting their
money where their mouth is we're
actually committing dollars to this
prediction of what the federal funds
rate will be and you'll notice I have
just in the text that the market
expectations were closer than the always
overestimated predictions from the FOMC
here's a more recent example from this
year so the actual yield on a ten-year
Treasury note is mapped in in black and
then they surveyed a certain number
looks like a couple dozen top economists
as to what their predictions would be at
the beginning of the year and you'll
notice that they all were wrong and and
significantly so so there's something
something wrong I guess we can conclude
one final point that I want to make is
the moseyin distinction between theory
and history and this is this is what all
of this discussion really boils down to
is what what what actually do Austrian
economists do with data so we're not
afraid of data we're not afraid of
numbers we can do math I'm pretty good
at math I would say but what is the role
of data what is the role of statistics
in the way we do economics and so this
comes down to the MZ's and distinction
between theory and history so according
to Mises economic theory is deduced
logically so we used we have proxy ology
the science of human action
and we start with this action axiom and
we developed the economic theory based
on this through logical deduction it
pertains to all choices ever made by
anybody the particulars of the choice
are not relevant that goes back to the
precise versus non precise of
abstractions specific motivations are
not relevant this all goes into why
economic theory is so universally
relevant to all choices ever made by
anybody importantly it's not falsifiable
by observation or experience so if you
come up with something that's logically
true from you in proxy ology then
there's no there's no observation that
you can make that would say oh actually
you know demand curves might slope
upward so there's no there's no there's
no way that you can observe the world
and refute or or as a proof against what
was derived logically for the same
example that the Pythagorean theorem
explains this relationship between the
the the lengths of the sides of a right
triangle so if you went out and you
actually started measuring real world
right triangles you might you might find
a measurement that doesn't accord with
the Pythagorean theorem and so the
question is would you say oh I've just
disproved the Pythagorean theorem or
would you you know take a closer look at
your ruler or maybe the thing that you
were measuring it wasn't actually a
right triangle so this is a good example
of how Austrians think about theory and
its relationship to experience our goal
in economic theory is to come up with
cause-and-effect not and not look at
mathematical equations and and our goal
is also not to make predictions and some
good examples of developing the edifice
of economic theory you can find in human
action and in an economy in state this
is contrasted to economic history or
doing history in which we apply theory
to the past we can identify particulars
we can guess motivations it's open to
interpretation we can use the the good
economic theory that we've developed to
help us interpret and and think about
what has happened in the past but
importantly what has happened in the
past really only has in direct bearing
on the way we do theory so if we notice
something is happening that might cause
us to
take another look at the theory but
that's as much as we can say about that
but there's still no constant
relationships so when we're doing
economic history we can't say that this
relationship this correlation occurred
in the past and is not going to occur or
it will occur the exact same way in the
future
so this this distinction I would say
summarizes the Austrian view of
statistics because statistics is just
experience it's it's it's observation
and with that well then thank you very
much
[Applause]

URL: https://youtu.be/qk77UqYkNfo
Title: Look! üëÄ and network üîë
Transcript:
do this right now if you want to learn
to code turn your phone sideways and
have a look at this Twitter spaces are
great for education and networking
networking is huge when it comes to
Landing a job follow all seven people
mentioned under this intro to react
State Management space follow for part
two my top three Lessons Learned in this
space

URL: https://youtu.be/eiO0fCYvpVs
Title: Vercel is cool, not bad, and is right
Transcript:
[Music]
next.js these days include some cool
features that are currently only
supported on versel is this an example
of lock-in in the video in front of us
Theo convincingly answers the answer is
no other vendors could support these
open source features in the future the
fact that Russell does it today it makes
them cool not bad

URL: https://youtu.be/cjX6E_a0xis
Title: üßä ü•∂ ü•∂
Transcript:
when to quit right and then there's this
idea of the so-called Lean Startup
um and the idea of being startup is you
run an experiment and if it doesn't work
you basically just like stop and you
figure out a different idea and you know
we used to call that up

URL: https://youtu.be/kFSfF4ZD4oc
Title: Stay tuned to learn more about what my team is building
Transcript:
let's code an AI system together Super
Bass just kicked off a 10-day hackathon
focused around AI it's going to last
from April 7th to April 16th I'll be
participating you're welcome to join my
team hurry up get on the Discord Link in
my bio or follow the page for updates on
what we're building

URL: https://youtu.be/sMJrhzewVyc
Title: The Hardest Part of React.js
Transcript:
Tech rally says for people learning
react what is the hardest part to
understand Kevin says I'd say the
hardest part is when you're trying to
understand props or certain hooks like
use context you use memo so I agree
would like to know what you think I
think the four key concepts are State
props Hooks and jsx

URL: https://youtu.be/UFpUQrIhUCU
Transcript:
anyone got any tips to get better at
JavaScript and react so far I've been
using my free code cam I agree with
Steve who says it comes down to
repetition with increasing complexity
basically you're not going to be
comfortable with react after going
through curriculum once do multiple
projects with different purposes make it
something that matters to you

URL: https://youtu.be/lQeJ8_EdC7s
Title: Why Tech Pays (as an econ PhD)
Transcript:
[Music]
oh put me in coach econflex so employers
are willing to pay the marginal revenue
product of their employee because if
they give you 10 bucks and you generate
11 bucks a product it's a win for them
and technology is the only factor of
production that doesn't have decreasing
marginal return

URL: https://youtu.be/gEZ00UUWcbA
Title: Efficient Bias
Transcript:
so how much database is acceptable part
two this is the economic answer that's
mathematically rigorous and that would
be you should pay to improve your data
quality until the marginal benefit is
equal to the marginal cost when you
reach that point where they're equal
spending any more money is going to be a
bad return on investment so you should
use that money elsewhere so you
shouldn't spend it further on data
quality we don't have an infinite budget
for data quality right and sometimes our
budget is extremely limited sometimes
our budget constrains us to a sample of
one or even zero so a real example of
this would be like a once in a lifetime
investment opportunity invest now or
you'll never get to invest again
it'd be extremely risky but you still
might go for it
another example would be you're an
employee and like you know you're kind
of on the chopping block let's say
um and it's like you have to make this
high-stakes uh prediction you have to
make it now you're in a boardroom
meeting they're not going to let you go
do more research you have to make a
judgment call right now on the basis of
the information you have
but what if you have no direct samples
of the question you're going to have to
rely on kind of like intuitions or
judgment calls or like related studies
that you think might be related
basically intuition which is arguably
either a sample of one or a sample of
zero so intuition does not have a value
of zero but it's also full of biases
right so the more objective data we can
get the better and there is kind of an
upper limit which is once you have
measured the entire population like
there's not much more
um bias reduction you can do although
you can still possibly improve your
measurement approach so measurement bias
is a thing so even if you've measured
the entire population of samples
if you measured it wrong you have a
measurement bias so there are still
opportunities to improve or if you've
analyzed it you could have an analytical
bias or a model bias
so these are places where you can spend
more time and effort to improve your
measurement process your modeling
process your analytical process
but whether we're talking about time or
whether we're talking about dollars
you're having to spend right and we're
constrained on all these fronts the last
thing I would say here is that when we
talk about the marginal benefit and the
marginal cost costs and benefits are
both subjective so in economics We Care
not just about dollars we're not Finance
guys we're not accountants we're
economists right we're higher than that
we're better
so we care about subjective value and
utility
so if your employee base at your company
is sort of emotionally invested like
they're really personally interested in
a diversity initiative you're going to
want to count that as an additional
benefit to investing in diversity right
and you can actually capture this if you
dig in and measure it properly there
will be benefits to retention and
employee satisfaction and so forth so be
sure that you're counting those what we
call non-pecuniary or non-dollar
benefits as well on both the cost side
and the benefit side and don't forget
opportunity cost don't forget that one
right I wouldn't be an economist if I
didn't mention that too
sum it all up one more time invest until
MB equals MC

URL: https://youtu.be/WujClw1EglY
Transcript:
here's the new version sub stack
Mastodon profile picture this is the
mobile here's desktop and this is open
source at VanDevere not John's linktree

URL: https://youtu.be/YIXJMMCKlUY
Title: Pull up if u want would be cool to see ya
Transcript:
so I was talking to another content
creator recently and he asked me John
how do you put out so much volume how do
you come up with your content ideas how
much planning do you do and the question
kind of hit me because I really don't
plan and on reflection I realized I'm
just out here living my life and I'm
just really on The Cutting Edge and I'm
coding that much that's why I'm able to
produce this like relevant Cutting Edge
coding content because I'm literally
living it like every day and I just talk
about my life follow I guess if you're
into it

URL: https://youtu.be/-G6el6SI5Os
Title: Artists can Code
Transcript:
here's my result from the rising test
the interesting here is that my top
scores are artistic and social and I'm a
programmer so I hope this helps to break
the stereotype that programming is like
just for I don't know boring people or
something

URL: https://youtu.be/_rE1TykSLSo
Title: (The 6 Ways) Code Ninja Says: How to Leetcode
Transcript:
for technical interview prep as a
programmer I recommend the 5 to 23
patterns over the blind 75 Link in the
description this user is confused about
the top 5 patterns they don't exist in
the blind 75 so let's clarify what to do
unlike the blind 75 which gives specific
problems and therefore went out of date
I don't do that I give you a process
search leak code that way the advice is
Evergreen so what search might you do so
there are six problem picking patterns
that I recommend this is a draft from a
forthcoming article keep an eye out for
that the first is to sort by frequency
unfortunately this is behind a paywall
in lead code the second is to sort by
difficulty you can approximate this by
sorting on the acceptance rate in leak
code this is actually three picking
patterns because you're going to pick
the easiest and it's here the hardest in
a tier if they're both too easy you need
to move up a tier if the harder one is
too hard you have created a difficulty
window that you can bisect and calibrate
internally
third option is random selection if
you're not sure it doesn't matter just
flip a coin and last is to select from a
standard Source like the blind 75 even
though it's dated picking from these
standard sources allows you to
communicate with your peers maybe your
friends doing that and you get to engage
sort of a social community and it's
beneficial for that reason if this
information was helpful tap the like
button for the YouTube algorithm be sure
to share this with your friends
subscribe and I'll see you soon

URL: https://youtu.be/0VZqK2KLCm4
Title: It doesnt work on iphone üò≠
Transcript:
run a large language model like chat gbt
from your browser at this website update
to Chrome 113 or newer because we need
browser GPU acceleration my M2 Apple Air
wrote about 10 tokens or 8 words per
second what did you get

URL: https://youtu.be/ZolYp3dqubA
Title: 5 Tips for Backend
Transcript:
Nick excellent question here's five tips
we'll start with the big picture and
then I'll give concrete steps for you so
the first big picture item is that you
can become an expert on almost anything
by putting in 10 000 hours of practice
this is Malcolm gladwell's 10 000 hour
rule described in the book outliers the
10 000 hour rule has some problems and
when you solve those problems it turns
out you don't actually need that many
hours of practice one problem is that it
doesn't discriminate between
unintentional and intentional learning
if you're deliberate then you don't need
that many hours in programming this
would be learning by doing actually
doing projects that's deliberate
learning so do projects third item is
mental practice envisioning success and
a growth mindset are going to help you
learn faster fourth single biggest
factor is motivation so when you come up
with your project make sure it's
personal and motivating to you it needs
to be a real use case fifth is
activating emotion will increase memory
and retention so try and get a project
that really matters to you on an
emotional level so put two to three
meaningful projects on your GitHub since
your front-end guy reach for node
Express next or blitz.js good luck

URL: https://youtu.be/ilEPGdTMyRQ
Title: good vs bad coding bootcamps pt 3/3
Transcript:
finding the best boot camp for you part
three of three so you already have a
reputable boot camp the next step is you
still need to know placement rate boot
camp price your personal risk tolerance
and your personal language preference
even the best boot camp five out of five
if it's overpriced is not going to be
your best return on investment however
that return on investment has a risk
with it because different companies have
different placement rates so you need to
say do you feel confident that you feel
good about coding and you mostly want a
certificate in their reputation in their
Network then you can go for a cheaper
place if you don't feel confident in
your coding skills and you want someone
who's going to help you more you might
need to pay more for that and it could
be worth it depending on you personally
the other one language if you are
neutral across languages I of course
recommend react JavaScript development
so that would be HTML CSS JavaScript
react but some people they're just not
into that they want to learn
specifically to make video games and
they'll accept a lower salary so that's
up to you but I suggest react

URL: https://youtu.be/JJb8yG-TTzs
Title: CSS joke Tier S
Transcript:
you found another one

URL: https://youtu.be/ziRDEYoF4DQ
Transcript:
by asking genuinely um how do you throw
a punch with your hand hey did you know
that react is not a framework it's just
a rendering library but nexjs is a
framework and blitz.js is a full stack
framework on top of next JS create react
app is a great learning tool but it
shouldn't be used in production so my
students learn next in Blitz

URL: https://youtu.be/_wUGy5wozp0
Title: UI new framework per week? Nah just
Transcript:
Theos has always been on react in
addition to being the UI tool of choice
Theo calls out the unparalleled level of
backwards compatibility so if you're
learning a slightly dated curriculum
like free code Camp don't worry it
should be easy for you to upskill if
brought up during an interview emphasize
your willingness to learn and point out
this backwards compatibility

URL: https://youtu.be/3K0h2ITWWVk
Title: U can get a coding job just dont ask a crazy amount
Transcript:
in 2023 Google has laid off about 12 000
employees about five percent of the
layoffs have been Engineers that's about
600 Engineers laid off they're hiring
like a thousand Engineers the trick is
the new hires are getting paid less you
can totally get a high paying coding job
right now just paying a little bit less
than last year

URL: https://youtu.be/jEsywZY_qwc
Title: Switch regularly
Transcript:
I thought we had

URL: https://youtu.be/eS7Hcl30gnU
Transcript:
Christy and Floria says I used to use
the OS terminal but now I run it from vs
code it's much more convenient
especially on my laptop did you know
that vs code now has an integrated
terminal within the IDE a lot of people
just don't even know about this Nick
guys I'm wondering how people run their
JavaScript projects

URL: https://youtu.be/l2W_CDocA0g
Title: Get your company leadership on board with secure productivity gains through
Transcript:
follow the blog optimality on substack
to supercharge your Tech work in the
latest blog I advocate for gpt4 Access
through copilot I give a business case
for copilot more than 50 productivity
gains for coding employee satisfaction
and more send this to leadership at your
company to get them on board foreign

URL: https://youtu.be/V8i0BjVxSTU
Title: (as a PhD) memorizing code
Transcript:
so do web developers need to memorize
like all the HTML tags all the CSS
keywords all the JavaScript functions in
general the answer is no there's an
exception and we're going to talk about
that now so the exception is when you're
taking skill assessments these are
really great past them you're going to
stand out to employers and create get a
great job LinkedIn has some I recommend
you take indeed.com also has some and
pluralsight has skill IQ which is really
Nifty as well so even with these there
are some processes that will help you
learn over time but the process is just
repetition so one approach is just flash
cards the other is you can take
pluralsight skill IQ over and over until
you pass and then after you pass
pluralsight skill IQ go for LinkedIn and
go for indeed the reason you don't want
to start with the LinkedIn skill
assessments is because if you fail that
you won't be able to retake it for six
months so practice pluralsight get
proficient or higher then go to Google
do a very specific Google search
LinkedIn HTML
skill assessment quiz answers get those
answers make flash cards drill them
drill them drill them take the quiz

URL: https://youtu.be/AD4l5n8HTPo
Title: The mental model goes way beyond unit testing
Transcript:
quick tip if you want to be an awesome
developer adopt a test driven
development mental model my team was
having a CI code quality issue the build
would not fail when we expected it to on
lint violation someone proposed a fix
but how do we prove it works we need it
to fail then pass

URL: https://youtu.be/5Pe4Gn3gu-M
Title: (as a self-taught coder) Outwork the Competition to Win
Transcript:
so Cody mentioned that he was able to
double his salary in two years by
getting certifications and taking on
projects that nobody else would take on
and he asked this worked for me the
answer is yes and I'm a big fan of this
advice I ended up learning to code by
volunteering to build a website that we
were looking to Outsource for over 10
grand first job with these certs

URL: https://youtu.be/_lqiBMeUzrs
Title: Securing the bag with Stripe
Transcript:
building laterally in public new feature
update today we're on the settings page
you can add a backup email stripe email
first name last name this allows you to
pay for a laterally premium account
using a stripe account with a different
email shoot me an email if you have any
questions

URL: https://youtu.be/dX8zlMJSV7I
Title: Learn Python from AlgoExpert?
Transcript:
Clement is the founder of algo expert
and now he's teaching us how to become a
self-talk programmer with a new python
course the python course excludes data
science so for me it's like chocolate
chip cookies without the chocolate it is
Affordable but I don't recommend it I'd
stick with the codecademy front-end path

URL: https://youtu.be/rEIz671S930
Title: effort estimation for programmers
Transcript:
random software development tip of the
day he talks about level of effort
estimation and programming notoriously
hard problem I'm a programmer of about
10 years I'm going to give you three
more concrete tools in addition to his
tip which is a classic tip which is if
you're not sure overestimate that's
definitely a common strategy to cut risk
the first major key to estimation and
programming is finding comparables your
team has knowledge stores they could be
humans or they could be systems whatever
they are browse them for comparables to
the current story and you're just going
to go over under or approximately the
same if the task is qualitatively
similar to things you've done great you
have your quantitative effort estimation
now if it's larger you need to know is
it a little bit larger so we think it
will take some additional time or is it
so much larger we don't even know how to
tackle the problem right now that brings
us to the second major key which is time
boxing if you don't even know how to
solve a problem create a research task
which is time boxed and the output will
be a plan to solve the current problem
the third tip here is on the screen
that's approximation and then under
comparables is a more refined method
called composition on the screen also

URL: https://youtu.be/AR04gGLaheQ
Title: Coding as New Blue Collar
Transcript:
boy I love this question it's a thinker
I hope you all will give me more
thinkers like this so I'm going to
answer no on a technicality but before I
get to the technicality let me be clear
that I think programming will become a
household skill like literacy and
numeracy it will be an elementary skill
but the surprising way that's going to
happen is because computers are going to
get good at speaking English
humans are getting better at programming
but computers are getting good at
natural language processing much faster
So eventually in the limit those are
going to converge and you're going to be
able to program just by talking to a
machine there's going to be no
statistically significant difference
between a person who's good at
communication and a person who's good at
programming so right now it's a subset
and that subset is going to thin in the
limit technically that won't be blue
collar though because Blue Collar is
manual physical labor programming is
never going to be that it's going to
converge into a communication field I
also don't think Society is going to
become substantially more computer
internet or social media driven because
we already are so I think the next big
change is Broad Social acceptance of
artificial intelligence

URL: https://youtu.be/Uc5msGUjOvg
Title: (as a coder) y grind leetcode? cc
Transcript:
the reason we grind leeco as job search
candidates is so that we can obtain
higher quality jobs stay to the end I'll
give you an alternative if you like hate
lead code and I will give you my
preferred way to learn lead code if you
are down so lead code questions are
often included in a number of different
interview types so we'll use terms like
whiteboard interview technical interview
data structure and algorithm interview
all of these often involve lead code
questions even the so-called coding
interview will often involve really good
questions big Tech in particular
disproportionately uses these sorts of
problems you might ask like why do I
want to work in big Tech the answer is
because they pay a lot of money it's
absolutely possible to land a
programming job without ever touching
Lee code you're just going to be
limiting your potential earnings
capacity limiting the number of firms
where you will perform well in their
normal interview process
three slowing your overall job search
again because you're limiting the number
of firms you can perform well with at
any given time you might ask like hey
why do firms use Lee code and hear all
tag do please go follow Theo I think he
sums this up really well basically
grinding leak code indicates that you
are willing to tolerate boring technical
work and
that suits very many programming jobs
very well if you can do boring technical
work so it's a bit of a grit filter a
bit of a personality signal I'm sure
better instruments will come along when
Tech surged last time before the
recession we started to see new
approaches being embraced hiring without
whiteboards is a great resource but in
this recessionary period firms are not
interested in increasing the labor pool
they're actually trying to constrict the
labor pool because there's an excess of
employable Labor compared to the open
positions at the moment so I'd predict
when the economy recovers we'll see some
changes starting to reoccur okay so
let's say that you're down with Fleet
code whether what are the ways to learn
that I recommend I recommend the 5 to 23
patterns article over blind 75 and other
commonly referred resources this is
beginner friendly so you can literally
finish your free code Camp course or
your code academy introduction to web
development and then pick this straight
up and then if you don't like lead code
check out hiring without whiteboards
there is no free lunch there are
trade-offs in all of these interview
practices so if you do a take-home
interview for example benefit is you
avoid lead code the problem is you're
going to spend much more time on that
take-home project so do what's best for
you but this is a compendium a
collection of many companies that don't
use sleet code more or less whether
you're audio programmer or you want to
learn more about coding be sure to like
follow and comment if there are any
questions I can help

URL: https://youtu.be/rkJA_bCQPvw
Transcript:
this is such a good question so the
short answer is that I wish they would
work they don't work very well but even
if they do work the transition for
industry is five plus years out so for
the purpose of training a junior Dev
that doesn't matter because they would
relearn their skills by then anyway

URL: https://youtu.be/VDdho19GFpY
Transcript:
as you learn the basics of coding in
Tech you might have heard this term
kubernetes just want to let you know
this is not a skill you need as a junior
enjoy the meme

URL: https://youtu.be/it_IAxOkOt8
Transcript:
hey thanks for the comments so this
highlights that I need to spend a few
more seconds talking about the
obsolescence rate that is the rate at
which your skills become obsolete in a
particular industry and how that's
related to Industrial equality and
progress and competitiveness so it's
Unique to the technology industry that
we are rewarded for being on The Cutting
Edge you're not rewarded for studying
those things which were cool in the year
2000 and spending 20 years becoming a
master at them you're rewarded for
knowing those things that are Cutting
Edge in 2020. so what that means or
2021. so what that means is that I can
graduate a boot camp and make more money
than some people will ever earn in their
career because I know those things that
are on the cutting so to demonstrate
that notice here that less than one year
and one to four are negligibly different
and all the way up to 20 plus years look
at the curve the marginal curve on that
it's fairly flat previous was for
technology now for truck drivers big
difference and bricklaying a classic low
obsolescence rate industry

URL: https://youtu.be/JA9n5aF85Ho
Title: CONGRATS!! üéâ
Transcript:
you wanna go I can take you
[Music]
with me

URL: https://youtu.be/8r5rryz47iI
Transcript:
no need to rush take your time to learn
the fundamentals of web development
learn how to build fully fledged website
with Josh

URL: https://youtu.be/8A942oE76Zg
Transcript:
if you're learning to code you might
have heard that angular is making a
comeback with the introduction of a new
generation of signals wanted to give you
my take double it and give it to the
next developer

URL: https://youtu.be/spF10LyIAM0
Title: How to find a quality bootcamp pt2/3
Transcript:
you want to learn to code but how do you
find the right boot camp part two of
three here's Don Hansen he interviews
coding boot camp graduates on YouTube
find him and then follow my channel for
part three of three there's more
homework you need to do to find the
right boot camp for you

URL: https://youtu.be/hUmCyp-n1-c
Title: Proof GPT-4 is AGI
Transcript:
bro
[Music]

URL: https://youtu.be/KWHbliswVzY
Title: how to pick specific leetcode questions to practice
Transcript:
hey thanks for the comment so you did
not quite understand the article but you
gave me the opportunity to clarify
something really important so I went
into huge detail and wrote it in this
new article that's currently being
reviewed by the publisher I'm in my
YouTube era so I just published this
video that previews the article and
answers the question go check it out now

URL: https://youtu.be/dGBT19YOumI
Title: 4 Ways to Collect Data
Transcript:
Bart barklington asks where do we find
raw data how do we know how it was
collected and how do we know if that
data is biased great questions follow
for a commentary on bias here I'll focus
on data collection I would suggest four
ways first is original data curation or
collection you can use just a picture
turn that into pixels that's data record
audio that's data anything sensory that
you can record questionnaires
um I like to use SurveyMonkey and
Mechanical Turk for participant
recruitment so if you collect your own
data you should document that and you
know how it was collected second way is
through public data set search so
searching anything online Google is your
friend there is a specific Google data
set search as well it's really Nifty
ideally the data set comes with
documentation about how it was collected
or there may be an Associated research
paper with a methodology data
description or similar section if you
can't find any of that maybe don't use
the data option three is contact the
researcher who wrote the paper or the
journal where it was published and ask
for a copy of the data option four you
can often purchase data I like statista
for example

URL: https://youtu.be/etaR9EB8YZg
Transcript:
if you're interested in working with
data as a career please check out this
recent video from Luke in the job post
he analyzed data engineer was most
common with only a third requiring a
degree

URL: https://youtu.be/Trdjd2Q_6l0
Title: LinkedIn Skill Assessment Worth It?
Transcript:
Albert's asking if LinkedIn skill
assessments and so forth are actually
worth it thanks for the question so if
you do well here are three things that
will happen technically basically if you
want a job that keeps using the skill it
could possibly be helpful I think the
value is actually much higher for new
developers trying to get that first job
for these reasons

URL: https://youtu.be/rFWagdhe44c
Title: üêç we love dataclasses
Transcript:
things I learned at pycon part 5 arjon
did not present at pycon but this video
basically captures the same information
and I highly recommend his channel in
this video in particular the interesting
concept is to use a data class as a
custom exception why do we want to do
this the short answer is that it helps
us write more readable and performant
code take a look at line 16 we have an F
string that interpolates days if I want
to use days in my error handling or even
at troubleshooting an analysis time for
some reason I'm gonna have to do string
parsing I'm also going to have to do
string matching and substring matching
on the rest of line 16 where it says
days requested comma if I want to be
able to distinguish between this value
error and all the other very common
value errors contrast this with line
four which is not being done written at
the snapshot but you'll add a single
property of days and then I can just
interrogate error.days which is more
readable and it's also more performant

URL: https://youtu.be/7utL07lleLM
Title: Go Apply Already!
Transcript:
this person says I got my first job in
Tech knowing only Java basic git and
some database management you'll learn
most of the stuff you need while working
so apply so I agree if you're new to
coding right let's avoid that problem of
analysis paralysis and blocking yourself
also how do you say this person's name
and username

URL: https://youtu.be/CZm86Z1v6QQ
Transcript:
Jordan says one of the biggest things I
look for in junior developers do they
like to code do you program for fun if
you only have projects on your resume
that look like they were canned
tutorials or School assignments I know
you aren't one of those Developers

URL: https://youtu.be/_60TT62Wf0g
Transcript:
software developer cool content alert
blitz.js is my favorite full stack
framework and Brandon that's the guy in
the lower right of the screen released a
20 minute intro to blitz.js you can see
some of the things it does out of the
box for you on the screen there but this
is just the tip of the iceberg

URL: https://youtu.be/oqf9faXSNR4
Title: Don't stick to what you're good at
Transcript:
in this kickboxing workout I did worse
than average are you afraid of being
worse than average don't worry about it
do what's right for you for me
exercising being healthy is right for me
I don't need to be the average or better
than average kickboxer I just need to be
healthy

URL: https://youtu.be/PN651Zcv7-c
Title: Unlocking High Paying Job Offers
Transcript:
they get higher salaries you make
companies bid for you so you need to be
able to manage a job search where you
have different interviews ongoing at the
same time you get offered within a
couple weeks of each other you need to
be able to say
politely hey let me think about this
over the next week
and basically manage that to where you
have multiple offers on the table at the
same time and then you say to each
company
you know I this other company is paying
me and you got to beat them basically
that's the main way to get a higher
salary
as well as just like choosing the right
companies to begin with so like big Tech
is going to pay more than tier two and
three
to avoid abuse on our back end we ask
that you log in
yeah absolutely

URL: https://youtu.be/Fe5R0hsjaaI
Title: you can use ladderly together w a bootcamp btw
Transcript:
my number one recommendation is coding
boot camps if you want a specific one at
the moment springboard is doing really
well drop a comment if you're not sure
how to pick a high quality coding
bootcamp second place is a tie between
the codecademy front-end engineer path
and a college degree third place is my
own offering laterally

URL: https://youtu.be/ZCJrtjKfyG8
Title: engineer layoffs have been relatively small
Transcript:
big Tech is over a thousand companies
we're not just talking about Fang your
comment is from the end of January so is
the poll from Aline Lerner you can see
at the bottom you're not alone the vast
majority of people think this is tens or
even hundreds of thousands of layoffs
basic mistaken memory recall we're
bringing to mind the number of total
layoffs not the number of Engineers
which is a tiny fraction about five
percent of the layoffs have been
Engineers this is even less than data
science which comes in at six percent
great independent resource layoffs.fyi
their total layoff count for 2022 is
within one percent of the number found
by interviewing dot IO

URL: https://youtu.be/gPmIGWx4qa8
Title: Accessibility in HTML
Transcript:
HTML 505 let's talk about accessibility
most HTML techniques for accessibility
have already been covered in Parts one
through four for example here we can see
that semantic HTML is accessible HTML
the text in front of us notes that we
could use CSS and JavaScript to make an
ordinary div accessible this is
important the concept of accessibility
stretches across HTML into CSS and
JavaScript however practically we want
to use semantic tags like button because
a lot of the accessibility is built in
for free you can see at the bottom being
able to Tab and hit the enter key to
activate a button or link is built into
HTML for free here's an example of using
plain old semantic HTML and it results
in accessibility here we have an ordered
list here is a list for you to read a
screen reader is able to understand that
this is a list and it will describe to a
non-sighted user that this is an ordered
list that's really the key about what we
mean with accessibility is making our
website accessible to non-traditional
users including differently abled users
in particular site impaired users Aria
attributes are extremely important as
well

URL: https://youtu.be/GPdAbZ5MknU
Title: They heard we like speed apparently
Transcript:
things I learned at pycon part three
this talk was mad Silly Willy the
article in front of us has a lot of the
same information basically the python
interpreter can adapt to your code and
kind of cache parts of functions and
it's going to make stuff way faster also
multi-threading follow for part four

URL: https://youtu.be/FWpoozkc1C8
Transcript:
so charge ubt AI is going to make people
more productive and somehow this is
going to take away jobs it doesn't make
sense to me make it make sense if I'm an
employer and I have a tool that can make
anyone way more productive why would I
not hire even more people

URL: https://youtu.be/LuFttXwJXWs
Title: Start with JavaScript, not C++
Transcript:
faheem says if I had to start my
programming Journey over again I would
start with JavaScript not C plus plus
also I would stay away from learning PHP
so fahim's report is consistent with
stack Overflow developer survey most
developers don't like C plus or PHP

URL: https://youtu.be/I3F591KM8WE
Title: Puppeteer üêê
Transcript:
stream recap and I'm scraping repurpose
dot IO with Puppeteer why use Puppeteer
instead of beautiful soup because I need
a stateful client that can log in why am
I scraping a Dom instead of using an API
because first of all they don't have an
API and second of all they don't hydrate
client side so I can't hijack an API
call at all when the Dom comes over the
wire it is pre-compiled so I have to
physically scrape it out with like query
selectors so today I found a bug for
them for repurpose where for LinkedIn
data specifically they would ship an
entire accounts worth of data instead of
applying pagination for usual
so that's like thousands of videos for
me so it was timing out my scraper I
thought I was getting rate limited but
come to find out they were just shipping
data strangely for LinkedIn the solution
was pretty simple I just changed
Puppeteer to wait longer so you can see
how I did that check out part five of
the stream series for regular green the
social media quality content scraper and
analysis tool open source on GitHub

URL: https://youtu.be/Sz80skcbNTo
Transcript:
tip 4 is sound control get some noise
canceling headphones try silence try
Beethoven try Lo-Fi no lyrics tip five
control your physical environment
clutter and even bad smells will
distract you even subconsciously tip 6
optimize your pace of learning three
related items on screen comment if you'd
like a whole video on this

URL: https://youtu.be/AD-uvb7UPyU
Title: WHAT CODE PROJECTS???
Transcript:
problem with posts like these is that
they beg the question okay there's 30
ideas but I still want to know which one
I should do and no junior is going to do
30 projects for web do a Blog and a
portfolio site then come up with an idea
that's unique to you that being said
codecademy is really great that's where
I taught myself to code years ago
enjoying their Facebook group here

URL: https://youtu.be/k43uS4DgXHc
Transcript:
if you work as a software engineer for
one of those big companies tell us why I
love this question I currently work as a
software engineer at one of those big
companies but I've run the gamut I've
been the only software engineer at a
micro size startup that went under I've
been one of a few in a small mid-sized
company that was acquired the ability to
personally make a Major Impact at a
small firm is real you can influence
major decisions and be credited for
thousands of percents of increase in
technical metrics go zero to one in
Peter Thiel terminology but you can also
be held liable for a failure to produce
right so can you make a bigger social
contribution through a major Tech firm
compared to a small company the answer
is absolutely yes so think about the
total addressable Market suppose that
you increase user Happiness by 0.5
percent over millions over billions of
users that could easily beat a small
company 10xing the other approach is to
make bank and give to charity and
earnings at Big end is big

URL: https://youtu.be/VJbnrkc4coE
Transcript:
five projects for beginners the op one
is at the end one turn your resume into
a GitHub Pages site to a Blog you can
talk about things you've learned three
homepage portfolio site point to your
social media your other projects your
blog for a Twitter bot or scraper number
five is depending the comment

URL: https://youtu.be/s5b9RG_6oqM
Transcript:
Jason ran a poll recently and asked
fellow Engineers whether they followed a
structured job search plan I answered
yes and I was surprised that I was in a
huge minority let me know your thoughts
for me as structured search is important
because it allows me to measure the
marginal return of my job search time
spent from there I can guess optimal
time to spend

URL: https://youtu.be/t4Kndozwnms
Transcript:
if you're interested in coding building
projects is a powerful tool for career
advancement in this video we're going to
talk about other oriented projects see
the comment for the other two kinds on
screen here are four kinds of other
oriented projects in their pros and cons
still not sure where to start follow for
part four

URL: https://youtu.be/qPTNA506URY
Title: Take advantage of upcoming low competition
Transcript:
what does bullish news from the FED have
to do with learning to code the answer
is that when the FED stops cutting rates
the tech industry grows including
software engineering headcount right now
the market is down common wisdom says
don't learn to code but if you do you'll
have way less competition and be ready
for the January hiring cycle

URL: https://youtu.be/nci8OogAwz0
Transcript:
react part eight let's talk about state
every component is allowed to have
isolated State here the current time is
being used as an internal state of the
tick component stay can be updated by
user interaction like a button click or
system interaction like the time
changing or in HTTP call returning when
State changes it triggers a re-render of
your react application your components
can also share state with each other we
talked about Redux previously but
another way is to pass your state
through a prompt we call that a state
prop State might include Primitives but
it can also include functions you can
also have a component with no state
that's called a dumb component here's
another example of a component called
example and this is using the use State
hook in this case we have a counter
which has a default value of zero and
every time you click a button it
increases it by one I could have a bunch
of these I could use State multiple
times and I would have different state
elements collectively that would be the
local state of the example component and
all of the states of all the components
is collectively called the application
state

URL: https://youtu.be/HTzKFq_ralQ
Title: Documenting Code: Where and When?
Transcript:
developers check out this interesting
convo on documenting your features and
code I suggest starting with a design
dock before you code anything Levi says
documentation in the code is usually
sufficient I think in the repo is great
but use a markdown file what do you
think

URL: https://youtu.be/iUgWbfPdvOo
Transcript:
Theos has anyone made a feature flag as
a service startup yet Mark took the
words out of my mouth mentioning launch
Darkly what is a feature flag why would
you want it so future flag is just a
Boolean that tells the system whether or
not to enable some code service model is
nicer than environment variable because
you have a runtime controller like an
admin app

URL: https://youtu.be/j650LTM7oj8
Title: Farmer | AI & Marketing Avoid this HUGE ChatGPT MISTAKE!
Transcript:
the thought of using AI to land your
dream job well now you can no you can't
this is a terrible plug-in all of the
chat GPT plugins as of currently June
1st they don't work well as a job search
tool I've looked at every GPT plugin to
date none of them are better than just
going to indeed or LinkedIn jobs and
doing a search a couple of them will
help you format your resume if you're
not sure how to do that so that's cool
these tools fail today for a bunch of
reasons one there's no easy apply
feature too they'll cherry pick only
like five results for opaque reasons
when you just did a search you would get
thousands of results instead three what
are llm's good at they're supposed to be
averse to keyword searching I should be
able to say software engineer and you
should know as an llm that I'm also
talking about coding roles programming
roles front end rolls back enrolls none
of the tools actually leverage the llm
technology today the best tool that I've
found for job search with chat GPT is
just the browse with Bing feature but
even this tool collapsed back into
misleading and limited results still
gotta go old school for now and don't
skip on the social networking

URL: https://youtu.be/jsm3svSlMT8
Title: Why such failure to transition rural folks into tech?
Transcript:
agree to disagree age discrimination
disproportionately impacts non-urban AKA
country or rural career swishers let me
tell you what I have in mind and you can
tell me how I'm right or wrong what I
have in mind is a case like West
Virginia Which before the recession when
Tech was kind of booming coal mine was
out their economy is getting disrupted
and we said hey we can transition these
people to
learn to code programming
but a lot of these older men in their
40s had age discrimination as a big
bottleneck preventing them from Landing
a programming job
I wonder if there are some other factors
at play here maybe Independence culture
do we think that's a problem
where these older guys should have just
retired and had their kids start winning
bread for the family and that was looked
down upon
I don't know
I think the age discrimination is pretty
much the problem agree or disagree

URL: https://youtu.be/e756KK3uFLY
Transcript:
so what's the real reason that some of
us experts are so opposed to you
prepping for algorithm interviews
spending hours and hours I'll tell you
what it's not
it's not that I'm trying to apply to
Facebook and weed out my competitors I
gotta get back to leeco

URL: https://youtu.be/SYndmnz37gA
Title: Incremental progress over waiting
Transcript:
Dynamic is better right so why didn't we
just do that from the jump well there's
a few reasons the first one is that
Dynamic is just harder and more
complicated to implement so developers
can just wait to have anything or they
can settle with something that's a
little lower quality in the short term
and then they can get the cool thing
later so this is a really common
trade-off the short-term long-term
trade-off and it's frankly a very good
solution to the iron triangle if you
wait for an optimized solution before
you get started this is an example of
waterfall over agile and it's an
anti-pattern for a number of reasons and
software we say make it work then make
it work better you want incremental
progress with backwards compatibility
over waiting speaking of backwards
compatibility that's one of two powerful
reasons that we should not update the
meaning of BH in place in fact dbh is
not going to be the only unit I hate to
break it to you there's going to be a
number of these because as you can see
the differences in the browser
specifications so this is actually a
good reason to leave VH alone let those
Legacy websites continue to work and
then add these new ones on where time
allows follow for coding stuff

URL: https://youtu.be/HZCT_4R4CHw
Title: Don't seek the bare minimum
Transcript:
a college degree is not required to land
a programming role but it's very helpful
full stack typescript competency not
required very helpful lead code
competency not required super helpful
stop asking what's required start asking
what's a good return on investment to my
time and effort

URL: https://youtu.be/JjE4P414cuA
Transcript:
you cannot trust a lot of this phony
thought leadership on Tech social media
State at the end I'll show you how to
figure out how you can trust grinding
algorithms is a big in interview game
the vast majority of companies don't
care your language is a built-in sort
method four ways to figure out who to
really trust right here on screen

URL: https://youtu.be/RDz-TnG0fvw
Title: Its almost like anti-technology bias and fear porn influence society
Transcript:
I feel like people's views on technology
is like so weird and fickle so like a
year ago people were like oh no Twitter
and Tick Tock people are just gonna be
on Netflix all day it's going to ruin
their lives but it's always bad like now
GPT is going to make us so productive
that we should still be scared yeah

URL: https://youtu.be/e-YBiSztlM4
Title: AI like this will definitely get us all killed but maybe in a way we didnt expect
Transcript:
all right so chat GPT is so smart with
gpt4 I asked it if my wife asks whether
a dress makes her look pretty what
should I say
in both situations the important thing
is to be honest this is what I've been
saying thank you you might say I think
the color is nice but you look even more
stunning in that other dress
you could you could say I like the way
you did your eyes but maybe try
a different shade of lipstick oh my gosh
[Music]

URL: https://youtu.be/IDpqEdKLYfM
Title: Triple Your Income!?
Transcript:
today I got my first full paycheck as a
software engineer when I tell you that I
burst into tears of the amount I'm being
serious I've tripled my take-home pay
from my last position for those still
deep in your job search keep at it it is
so so worth it I love stories like this
and this could be you follow if you want
to learn to code

URL: https://youtu.be/1Qx5AnYVmlI
Title: Learn not !!
Transcript:
if your goal is to maximize your
employment rate as a web developer you
should learn react not angular angular
about 24 000 results today react about
35 and this is for angularjs and angular
2 plus combined so if you learn modern
angular thousands less

URL: https://youtu.be/0xzCf4_2rZ4
Title: Easily make Shopify Laptop Stickers!
Transcript:
how to create or buy laptop stickers
like this chibi wizard boy I'm using
leonardo.ai so I'm just using the freeze
here this is a more affordable
alternative to Mid Journey here's some
of the other pictures it generated this
chica
this ladder so my brand is laterally and
then this pixel art cup of coffee with a
heart on it so they have backgrounds
initially so drag it over to pixlr.com
and use the crop tool to crop it get
some transparency in there and you can
bring it over to printful
here is the sticker product tip template
and this is integrated to my Shopify
store
so I can upload the file
and then after it's uploaded apply and
now I have stickers to sell so if you
want to buy these ones in particular and
support the channel that link is in the
description hope this helped

URL: https://youtu.be/uChFgvWdLzA
Transcript:
so if you're trying to study algorithms
and Crush Lee code one of the resources
I can point you to is a YouTube channel
programming live with Larry so Larry is
doing like all kinds of video
walkthroughs and he's putting out new
Solutions like almost every day

URL: https://youtu.be/F8QoxZSYei4
Title: Follow the Process!
Transcript:
it's just a grotesque post-modern psyop
and anyone who's fallen for this is
brain damaged

URL: https://youtu.be/T2LAnNU8UcM
Title: guess and check is a key skill
Transcript:
Bart barklington has a great question
which is if we're going to use a
reference application how do we know
which GitHub repository to clone for
answers the first is that we don't guess
and check is a key developer skill two
is look at the number of stars and three
is look at the downloads per week as a
trend for indicators for us developers
you know like me

URL: https://youtu.be/JyJsBVZCJo4
Title: Why JavaScript is THE best programming language...period!
Transcript:
thanks Josh this guy gets it so
JavaScript is so great JavaScript
JavaScript JavaScript if you say three
times fast and click your heels an
infinite Loop appears you can't do that
with other programming languages Let me
give you three more reasons in addition
to my bulletproof argument from the last
video why JavaScript is so great first
of all it's the most popular programming
languages everyone knows it yeah I
realize it's not really taught in
computer science programs why do you
think because the professors were never
popular they were like nerds they don't
want you to be popular so they teach you
stuff that's not popular reason number
two it's used in the browsers in all of
the websites do you use websites I use
websites websites are great everyone
knows that websites are things that we
use so I don't know exactly who decided
that JavaScript would be used there I
just kind of have a trust that whatever
decision criteria they had it was real
it was perfect like what could be wrong
with that because we all use it
therefore it's great so thanks

URL: https://youtu.be/fUc217NMw-0
Title: Picking the newest tools is a noob move we call it shiny object syndrome it's a big red flag
Transcript:
listen here man I don't know who needs
to hear this today but
no
 no

URL: https://youtu.be/-1vqVgtjDOM
Title: We're all less than six degrees away from in 2023 with social media in full swing
Transcript:
huge secret for job search and career
advancement in this video if you ever
feel like people with these really high
paying jobs often have some sort of
unfair Advantage almost like they had a
cheat code yeah we don't hide it very
well the truth is we do so you can't
compete with us right wrong you can just
cheat right back go ahead call your old
friend or your uncle or whoever it is
even if you're not that tight just
because you heard that their company has
a job that you want go ahead add that
extra sentence to your resume even if
it's totally unnecessary and you're
totally doing it just to stuff an extra
keyword in go ahead write the cover
letter with an extra unnecessary
compliment that makes it seem like
you're way into that company when really
they're only your third choice go ahead
when you get a take-home coding
assignment go to Google and see if
someone else has already solved this
problem just make sure when you copy it
it's not like full of bugs or something
social networking strategic
communication literally copying code
these are the cheat codes that are
industry norms and I'm giving you full
permission I'm encouraging you to use
them all of them follow for more

URL: https://youtu.be/Y0hWA7x4NmM
Title: are a in my experience with
Transcript:
so let's talk about soft skills and
social skills why did I tell this guy I
wasn't going to even bother to talk to
him this is his profile picture what
this tells me is that his social skills
are like so far off base that even if I
help him technically he's still not
going to be able to get a job employers
are going to think the same

URL: https://youtu.be/cZ2ssaipqnw
Title: Post-interview follow up guidance
Transcript:
HR says I'll get back to you the
candidate says when just ghosts two tips
for you getting feedback from HR after
your interview first hold them
accountable make sure during the
interview they tell you or you ask when
am I going to hear back from you then
follow up on their timeline you're not
pestering them you're in the driver's
seat now you're holding them accountable
for what they told you they would do
second rule is three weeks three days if
your interview was on a Friday don't
follow up on a Monday give them at least
three business days and in addition to a
three business day space between emails
one email a week is a good Pace don't do
more than that unless you have a special
reason like they told you to
specifically with that pace of
communication in mind if I haven't heard
from you on the third week I'm moving on
my job search should not be all about
One employer specifically if my
interview is on a Tuesday and I haven't
heard from you by the next or the next
Tuesday sure I'll fire out one more
email but I'm moving on so I teach
people to code and land their first
programming job if you're interested
follow my page this advice is somewhat
tailored to such a candidate who's doing
a large volume of applications needs to
be judicious with their time

URL: https://youtu.be/0xpKTyaJHUc
Title: Remix isn't cool
Transcript:
react remix is a react framework that's
been around for a year but it's been
under a license now it's open source
it's causing a bit of a splash so do I
recommend you learn it the answer is no
and fireship sums up my reason right
here it only does SSR not the other
render types

URL: https://youtu.be/6qdP8K1eXP4
Title: Leetcode in 2023??
Transcript:
so you want to get a job coding in 2023
do you really still need to study data
structures and algorithms now that we
have GPT they can like instantaneously
solve any of these problems absolutely
yes this is your sign to get back on
lead code this is still how we interview
we're not done with it yet

URL: https://youtu.be/HGMdAnWw-6E
Transcript:
add audio speech to your next JavaScript
project with these three lines of code
try it now in the console right-click
any web page and click inspect and
chrome to open the dev tool there you go
Supra
sup bro

URL: https://youtu.be/8iQsYjVaP2E
Title: Learn JSX (Learn React pt 6)
Transcript:
learn react part six let's talk about
jsx jsx is a templating syntax templates
are a cross framework concept so angular
and view have templates even other
programming languages like python has
Django and floss templates jsx is a
special templating syntax because you
can do anything you can do with ordinary
JavaScript with jsx here you can see
element is a jsx element but it looks
just like we're sort of returning HTML
but notice that we have a name variable
there so jsx is going to compile two
HTML and the syntax itself looks a lot
like HTML learning HTML is highly
transferable to jsx that's one of the
things that makes it attractive and you
can see that element is directly passed
into the react Dom renderer so react
literally renders jsx into HTML so jsx
is technically a syntactic sugar for
react.createelement and
react.createelement is the react
framework specific counterpart to
document.createelement so really jsx is
just a convenient way to use the
ordinary JavaScript document API
elements a component fall to hear more
about components

URL: https://youtu.be/jOH7wG8QYkw
Transcript:
would you learn plain JavaScript first
or dive straight into react I agree with
the self-taught coder who says
considering that react leans heavily on
things like destructuring Advanced array
methods Etc I would learn es6 JavaScript
first before diving into react

URL: https://youtu.be/SH2HPLCIoAM
Title: What is Blind 75?
Transcript:
Willie B goof thank you so much a lot of
us recommend Lee code for algorithm
interview prep but Lee code is huge
where do you start you start with the
blind 75 it's that top result Tech lead
is big an algorithm interview prep and
he hand curated this list of 75 and
posted on blind

URL: https://youtu.be/7uLJQU3c0Pc
Transcript:
six plus scientifically proven ways to
help you study and learn anything
including learning to code flow is a
real thing Google Scholar is your friend
this is part one of three where I'll
give you six tips video pin in the
comments with even more first tour easy
sleep right moderate exercise
